---
layout: post
title: "Innanen/Ospovat/Kääriäinen @ Musta Kissa"
date: 2025-04-28T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-04-28T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-04-28T21:00:00+03:00
venue: "Musta Kissa"
address: "Toinen linja 15, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-04-28-0ulhk033.ics"
created_date: 2025-03-04T12:46:24.000Z
---

Three improvisers of their own right joins forces for set of sonic adventures at monday night in Musta Kissa bar.  
  
Line up:  
Mikko Innanen - wind instruments  
Jukka Kääriäinen - guitar  
Sam Ospovat - percussions  
  
  
Mikko Innanen is a saxophonist, composer and bandleader from Finland, currently residing in Helsinki. A multifaceted and open-minded musician, he thrives in settings that span jazz’s past, present and future: be it in freely improvised solos, duos or trios, small and large ensembles playing his own compositions, or working as a sideman interpreting other people’s music.  
  
Jukka Kääriäinen is a musician focused on experimental music. Depending on the situation, Jukka's instruments of choice include an acoustic guitar with preparations or an electric guitar with a bag full of effects. In addition to solo concerts, he regularly performs in bands and has collaborated with many leading European improvisers such as Teppo Hauta-Aho, Kalle Kalima, Harri Sjöström, Axel Dörner, Kriton Beyer, Rieko Okuda, Anil Eraslan, Mikko Innanen, and Joel Grip, premiering works by composers such as Riikka Talvitie, Sebastian Hilli, Sami Klemola, Clara de Asis, and Tytti Arola.  
  
Sam Ospovat toured extensively throughout North America and Europe and worked with many notable musicians, including Lydia Lunch, Tim Dahl, Terry Riley, The San Francisco Contemporary Music Players, Weasel Walter, William Winant, Shahzad Ismaily, Ches Smith, Tuneyards, and Bill McHenry. Ospovat was extremely fortunate to work closely with Cecil Taylor, Wadada Leo Smith, and Maryanne Amacher while at Mills College, where he earned his MFA in 20th century Percussion Performance and Literature, and is in the 2005 Cecil documentary All the Notes.
