---
layout: post
title: "Spring Roll/Himera: Félicie Bazelaire ja Lauri Hyvärinen - Luurankouni"
date: 2025-05-10T21:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-05-10T21:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-05-10T22:00:00+03:00
venue: "Nykytaidetila Kutomo"
address: "Kalastajankatu 1 B, Turku"
ics_file: "2025-05-10-hm2qlopp.ics"
created_date: 2025-03-27T10:00:53.000Z
---

Luurankouni (‘skeleton dream’) is the duo of electronic musician and double bassist Félicie Bazelaire (FR) and electric guitarist Lauri Hyvärinen (FI). Borrowed from a Finnish translation of poems by the 15th-century Japanese poet Ikkyū, the name reflects the duo’s desire to strip away the surface to reveal an essential form, in all its dread. Inspired by Ikkyū’s themes of mortality, impermanence, and sensuality, the duo’s work explores the fragile dualism between presence and absence in sound.  
  
Bazelaire and Hyvärinen initially met during a quartet concert with Léo Dupleix and Taku Sugimoto at Laterna Magica in 2019 in Helsinki where they improvised and played each other’s compositions. Their duo work began at 26 Chaises in Paris in April 2023. Influenced by the spirit of Wandelweiser, field recordings, and drone music, Bazelaire, and Hyvärinen improvise within a tacitly defined space. They create sober, minimalist music, within which discourse is developed through the choice of timbres.   
  
Félicie Bazelaire is a cello and double bass player. After her classical studies, she is interested in open and experimental artistic forms, improvisation, and unique musical writing. Bazelaire composes and improvises pieces that question gestures and the use of the instrument. [feliciebazelaire.com](http://feliciebazelaire.com)  
  
Lauri Hyvärinen (b. 1986, Helsinki) uses guitar as his main sound source. His sound and music-related activities are of a theoretical and practical nature, of which improvisation remains his primary medium and interest. Hyvärinen utilizes the possibilities of improvisation, compositional, and minimalist structures in search of shared and intensified social and spatial constructions. [laurihyvarinen.com](http://laurihyvarinen.com)  
  
Concert at Contemporary Art Space Kutomo as part of the Spring Roll festival  
Sat 10.5. at 21  
  
Tickets: 10/5 €  
Buy tickets: [https://holvi.com/shop/ehkatuotanto/](https://holvi.com/shop/ehkatuotanto/)
