---
layout: post
title: "IMPRO YO"
date: 2025-02-23T17:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2025-02-23T17:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2025-02-23T18:15:00+02:00
venue: "Yö Galleria"
address: "Lönnrotinkatu 33"
ics_file: "2025-02-23-nmcsihmm.ics"
created_date: 2025-02-17T14:55:07.000Z
---

A cozy and & probably whimsical concert of free improvisation.   
  
On stage there will be:  
  
Livia Schweizer, flutes & more  
Annika Fuhrmann, voice  
Corinna Eickmeier (DE), cello  
Iida-Vilhelmiina Sinivalo, cello  
  
Corinna Eikmeier is known as a cellist,improvisation artist, Feldenkrais practitioner and professor for instrumental and vocal pedagogy at the Lübeck University of Music. For more info: [https://www.corinna-eikmeier.de/](https://www.corinna-eikmeier.de/)  
  
Annika Fuhrmann is a German-Finnish singer, musician, and sound artist who feels most at home in the fields of experimental music theater, sound art, and improvisation. She has premiered numerous works composed for her and has performed in interdisciplinary projects with artists from various fields. In recent years, she has actively sought to break away from her classical vocal training. Instead of technical perfection, she is drawn to honesty, roughness and incompleteness. At the moment Annika’s artistic work is supported by the Kone Foundation.  
  
Iida-Vilhelmiina Sinivalo is a Helsinki-based freelance cellist who is particularly interested in the versatile expressive power offered by her instrument. She is currently delving into the subject area at the DocMus Doctoral School of the Sibelius Academy. Her approach to the instrument involves many different genres of music and thus seeks to expand the expressive overall image of the instrument. Sinivalo completed her Master's degree at the Sibelius Academy in the Department of Classical Music, with Arto Noras and Timo Hanhinen as her main teachers, after which she has worked extensively as a non-genre musician and pedagogue.  
  
Livia Schweizer (b. 1994) is a flutist, improviser, educator, and artistic researcher based in Helsinki. She specializes in improvisation and non-conventional music notation to connect creative individuals from diverse backgrounds. After studying at the Conservatory of Livorno (Italy), she moved to Helsinki to study at the Sibelius Academy with Mikael Helasvuo. Livia is member of the European Composers Improvisers Orchestra and co-founded the Earth Ears Ensemble. Livia is a doctoral candidate at the Sibelius Academy, where her research focuses on non-conventional notation in intercultural collaboration. She also teaches at the International School of Helsinki, and advocates for introducing contemporary music to young audiences.  
  
In the background the group exhibition 'Correspondence - kirjeenvaihto' , where is presented the results of a unique cultural exchange and dialogue in the form of original prints from fourteen different artists. Seven artists from Texas, USA and seven artists from Finland have created artworks on the themes of correspondence and communication. The printmaking techniques vary from woodcut to silkscreen and from etching to lithography. The works invite us to think about the connecting ties and shared experiences between individuals and communities.  
  
More infos:  
[https://yory.fi/en/yo-galleria/correspondence-kirjeenvaihto](https://yory.fi/en/yo-galleria/correspondence-kirjeenvaihto)
