---
layout: post
title: "Fredagar på Sibbe: Distant Harmonies"
date: 2025-05-16T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-05-16T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-05-16T20:00:00+03:00
venue: "Sibeliusmuseum"
address: "Piispankatu 17, 20500 Turku"
ics_file: "2025-05-16-mhh9bn33.ics"
created_date: 2025-03-13T08:26:41.000Z
---

Mareike Dobewall, composition and directing , Eva Lindal, violin, Stina Hellberg Agback, harp  
  
“Distant Harmonies” is the latest in Mareike Dobewalls ongoing exploration of space as an active participant in live performance. Created in collaboration with violinist Eva Lindal and harpist Stina Hellberg Agback, this spatial sound performance transforms distance into a vital element of the music itself. By physically varying the distance between the musicians in large, resonant spaces, Mareike invites the space to play the role of a third musician, influencing timing, tuning, and the overall sonic unfolding of the work.  
  
Mareike Dobewall´s artistic practice thrives on collaboration. Mareike’s music scores are not just musical compositions but frameworks for creative exchange. They allow the unique expression of each musician to shine through and shape the performance. In “Distant Harmonies”, this collaborative method is at the heart of the project and includes the performance spaces.  
  
Mareike’s background in interdisciplinary studies, including her PhD in Performative and Media-based Practices from Stockholm University of the Arts, has deeply informed her artistic research and work. With “Distant Harmonies”, she continues to investigate how sound, space, and human expression intersect, offering an experience where music and space interact.  
  
[https://sibeliusmuseum.fi/en/events/fredagar-pa-sibbe-distant-harmonies/](https://sibeliusmuseum.fi/en/events/fredagar-pa-sibbe-distant-harmonies/)
