---
layout: post
title: "SOMETHING ELSE vol. 5 | Natalia Castrillón"
date: 2025-08-28T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-08-28T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-08-28T21:00:00+03:00
venue: "Musta Kissa"
address: "Toinen Linja 15, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-08-28-adqlhf3r.ics"
created_date: 2025-08-04T11:22:44.000Z
---

The fifth edition of SOMETHING ELSE features the first solo evening of the series. Harpist/vocalist Natalia Castrillón guest-hosts, presenting an evening of solo improvisations and compositions at Musta Kissa.  
  
Free entry, suggested donation €5-€20 (mobilepay or cash)  
  
//  
  
About:  
NATALIA CASTRILLÓN is a Colombian harpist, singer, improviser, composer, and educator based in Helsinki. Her work blends influences from Latin American, global, and experimental sounds, transcending genre boundaries and building emotional resonance with her audience.  
  
Her compositions explore themes of connection, longing, freedom, and the relationship between humans and nature.  
  
Rooted in her Colombian heritage, Natalia’s artistic path is shaped by personal experience and a strong connection to the musical traditions of her culture, upbringing, and environment. She is also active in collaborative and interdisciplinary projects, bringing her musical voice and perspective into dialogue with diverse artistic practices.  
  
//  
  
SOMETHING ELSE is a concert series for improvised music focused on new meetings of musicians from across Helsinki's free improv, experimental, jazz, electronic, and global music communities, hosted at Kallio's Musta Kissa. New small-ensemble groupings are highlighted each time, with an emphasis on surprise, difference, curiosity, energy, and connection. Hosted by Wilson Tanner Smith.
