---
layout: post
title: "Äänen Lumo: John Chantler, Andrea Mancianti"
date: 2025-05-19T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-05-19T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-05-19T21:30:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4"
ics_file: "2025-05-19-a4eomsla.ics"
created_date: 2025-05-05T10:51:38.000Z
---

Welcome to the Äänen Lumo concert in Toinen kerros!  
  
This time we are excited to have John Chantler performing solo with electronics. Another intriguing performance will be done by Andrea Mancianti who will present his work, "I am lost" which explores feedback of resonating systems.  
  
////  
  
John Chantler is a musician and organiser living in Stockholm, Sweden working with synthesis and exploring the aesthetic implications of different infrastructure for electronic music performance. Originally from Australia he spent a decade in London before moving to Sweden in 2014 where he has directed an annual festival for ‘other music’ in Stockholm called Edition and runs Fönstret — releasing music by local artists and surfacing material from the festival’s archives.   
  
////  
  
Andrea Mancianti is a composer, performer and sound artist mostly devoted to experimental sonic arts. He studied composition and music technology and completed the IRCAM Cursus in Paris (2013-2014). Currently he's a Doctoral candidate in the department of Media, of Aalto University, Helsinki, researching how an ecosystemic approach to technology could contribute to a networked, collective understanding of artistic activity in Sonic practices.  
  
////  
  
Time: Monday 19.05.2024 at 19.00 (doors 18:30)  
Place: Toinen kerros, Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki  
Price: 5-10-15 e
