---
layout: post
title: "Katve"
date: 2025-02-17T17:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2025-02-17T17:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2025-02-17T21:15:00+02:00
venue: "Katve"
address: "Mariankatu 15, 00170 Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-02-17-80qll6o7.ics"
created_date: 2025-02-14T21:12:44.000Z
---

17:00 - 18:00  
  
SOMAGICS LABORATORY + live music  
  
Somagics is a movement practice developed by choreographer Laura Jantunen. At the center of Somagics is an intimate, detailed, and lively relationship with one's own sensory perception. Somagics Laboratory is a weekly gathering where Somagics is rehearsed. The aim of the classes is to research what Somagics is, what it can be, and how it can be choreographed.   
  
At Katve a few dancers from Somagics Laboratory dance for the first time to improvised music. Before we open the doors at 17:00 we’ll rehearse in the space for two hours together with the musicians. So everything you’ll see is very fresh.   
  
Dancers - Hara Hermunen, Iiris Hilden and Sonjis Laine  
Musicians - Eetu Vekki  
Teaching and choreographic score – Laura Jantunen  
  
18:30  
  
TOOMAS KESKI-SÄNTTI  
  
Toomas Keski-Säntti is a Helsinki-based pianist and composer. He has performed at festivals and clubs across Europe and lived in New York. While deeply rooted in the jazz piano tradition, he’s always exploring new musical territories through composition and improvisation. At Katve, he will perform solo.  
  
19:30  
  
KATTI NYSTRÖM, JOONAS TUURI & JESSE OJAJÄRVI  
  
Katti Nyström, Jesse Ojajärvi and Joonas Tuuri play a set of improvised music based on friendship and bewilderment.   
  
20:30  
  
MIKKO SARVANNE & EETU VEKKI  
  
Eetu Vekki and Mikko Sarvanne play meditative and ear-tickling soundscapes with piano and electronics.
