---
layout: post
title: "practice, play"
date: 2025-05-30T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-05-30T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-05-30T21:00:00+03:00
venue: "Asbestos Art Space"
address: "Kristianinkatu 16, FI-00170 Helsinki, Suomi"
ics_file: "2025-05-30-6nskt38j.ics"
created_date: 2025-05-22T16:41:24.000Z
---

Exciting double bill in Asbestos Art Space, HIO (Helsinki Improvisers Orchestra) final season concert and Mark Reid Bulatović playing an hour long guitar work by Fredrik Rasten.  
  
- set 1    "practice"    19:00  
Svevning I & II [2017/21] - Fredrik Rasten [1988]  
guitar- mark reid bulatović   
  
- set 2    "play"    20:00  
Helsinki Improvisers Orchestra  
perfromers - HIO {various members}  
  
entrance: 0€  
  
FI:  
Helsinki Improvisers Orchestran kevätkauden päättää esiintyminen Asbestos-taidegalleriassa. Tilaisuuden avaa kitaristi Mark Reid Bulatovič hienovaraisella ja pehmeällä, tunnin mittaisella sooloteoksellaan. Bulatovičin jälkeen esiintyvä HIO aloittaa konserttinsa poikkeuksellisesti kahdeksalta. Konsertin ohjelma sisältää vapaata ja johdettua improvisaatiota, sekä tulkintoja Eevi Oittisen visuaalisista nuottikirjoituksista ja maalauksista. Asbestos-taidegalleria sijaitsee osoitteessa Kristianinkatu 16. Konsertti alkaa kello 19:00 ja siihen on vapaa pääsy.  
  
ENG:  
Helsinki Improvisers Orchestra’s last concert of the season will be held in Asbestos Art Space. The event will be opened by guitarist Mark Reid Bulatovič with a subtle and soft hour-long solo piece. HIO, which will perform after Bulatovič, will start their concert exceptionally at eight.  
The program will include free and conducted improvisation, as well as interpretations of visual scores and paintings by Eevi Oittinen. Asbestos Art Space is located at Kristianinkatu 16. The concert starts at 8pm and entrance is free of charge.  
  
BIO:  
Fredrik Rasten (born 1988) is a guitarist and composer based in Oslo and Berlin. He is primarily focusing on musical exploration of just intonation and related sound phenomena, and in his work he is reaching for an actively listening state wherein to intuitively explore the complexities of tone and harmony.  
He is currently active in the Berlin based collective Harmonic Space Orchestra, the duo Pip with Torstein Lavik Larsen and with his solo project, among other things.  
Rasten’s recording output has been published on labels such as SOFA, Edition Wandelweiser, Ftarri, Shhpuma and INSUB.
