---
layout: post
title: "HES 2025: Sibiry Konate, Devina Boughton & Hamid Keshvarpajuh"
date: 2025-04-16T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-04-16T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-04-16T21:30:00+03:00
venue: "Forum Box Gallery"
address: "Ruoholahdenranta 3 A Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-04-16-4ms7uqkt.ics"
created_date: 2025-04-09T07:06:21.000Z
---

Event link: [https://www.facebook.com/share/15JRXYGrzx/](https://www.facebook.com/share/15JRXYGrzx/)  
  
Event info:   
Welcome to a unique evening of live improvised performances at Forum Box Gallery as the Helsinki Experimental Series (HES) continues with its second event of 2025.  
  
📅 16th of April  
🕖 19:00  
📍Forum Box Gallery (Ruoholahdenranta 3 A Helsinki)  
🎟 Free admission.  
  
For this occasion, we will have three sets of solo performances by our main guests: Sibiry Konate, Devina Boughton & Hamid Keshvarpajuh. After showcasing these outstanding improvisers, the stage will be open for the “Blind dates for improvisers”: A first-time encounter among members of the audience and our main guests. Bring along your instruments, get inspired by the art works at Forumbox, and perform with the main guests!  
  
Schedule:  
18:30 Doors open  
19:00 Guest Artists Performances  
20:00 Blind dates for improvises  
  
Performing artists info:  
Sibiry Konate is a Burkinabé dancer, choreographer, and dance teacher who combines contemporary dance with traditional West African dance. Konate has worked and performed in Finland since 2010.  
  
Devina Boughton (they/them)is a Finnish American trumpet player, vocalist, composer, improviser, and pedagogue from Portland, OR. After completing a Bachelors of Music from  
Berklee College of Music, Devinacame to Finland as a 2021-22 Fulbright Grant recipient. They began a Master’s Degree at Sibelius Academy’s Global Music department in Fall 2023,  
and is a 2024-25 Microtonal Music Studios residency participant. Devina works actively as a composer and player in different collaborative constellations (e.x. Celenka, Ege Zulu  
Orchestre, Kietoutumo),and is enthusiastic about sonic diversity, and adapting trumpet to different tuning systems. They are inspired by timbres, nature and technology, human experiences and stories and are passionate about interdisciplinary and cross-genre collaboration.  
  
Hamidreza Keshvarpajuh, or PAJUH, is an artist from Tehran, Iran, whose creative practices span a variety of roles, including saxophonist, producer, improviser, and curator. Rooted in  
Tehran&#39;s alternative music scene, his work resonates across a spectrum of projects, including Obad, Block Project, and Berenj Ensemble. His saxophone playing is a delicate investigation of sound phenomenology, where tone and texture converge into a deeply tactile experience. Sound emerges from the friction between breath, resonance, and the body itself, shaped by a precise sensitivity to dynamics and tonal color. His compositions intertwine influences from minimalism, progressive structures, Nu jazz, and the intricate rhythms and melodies of Middle Eastern music, balancing repetition and variation to evoke a nuanced sense of space and time. Recently, PAJUH has expanded his focus to sound art, reconfiguring the  
saxophone’s physicality into a fluid, malleable sonic entity. In this new phase, he explores the liminal spaces between sound and silence, using extended techniques to stretch the boundaries of musical syntax and reimagine the interrelationship between voice, instrument, and objects.  
  
HELSINKI EXPERIMENTAL SERIES 2024/2025 is a Community Engagement/Action Research/Artistic Research project, that intends to establish an interaction space for members of the different communities of improvisers based or working in Helsinki  
.  
The HES 2024/2025 series is developed and funded in collaboration with: Forum Box Gallery, The Global Music Department of the Sibelius Academy, Interkult (Kassandra ry), and the KONE Foundation. The research, curatorial, and artistic direction component of this project is run by Sergio Castrillón.  
The event poster is designed by artist Fabu Pires.
