---
layout: post
title: "Anni Elif & Kinzelman/Costanzo (US/IT)"
date: 2025-10-17T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-10-17T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-10-17T21:00:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4"
ics_file: "2025-10-17-pghhkl7t.ics"
created_date: 2025-10-10T05:48:37.000Z
---

Anni Elif – Cosmetic Voice: solo performance with voice, electronics and cello   
  
Kinzelman/Costanzo – Infinite Ramp (cassette release concert)  
  
Set 1:  
Anni Elif – Cosmetic Voice  
  
Anni Elif’s Cosmetic Voice is a rare vocal solo performance based on free improvisation, with and without the mysterious presence of COSMOS.  
Anni Elif Egecioglu is a Swedish-Finnish vocalist, cellist, and composer known for her genre-defying artistry. She blends vulnerability with mastery, moving between experimental, improvised, and contemporary classical music. With performances across the globe, Anni Elif has worked with Finland’s leading ensembles and increasingly collaborates with composers in her evolving artistic journey. She regularly performs with Elifantree, the Anni Elif Ensemble, and in duo with pianist Seppo Kantonen.  
  
Set 2:  
Kinzelman/Costanzo – Infinite Ramp (cassette release)  
  
Sonic investigations undertaken at dynamic extremes (ppp-fff), exploring obsessive repetition and the collapse of iterative processes. Difficulties in the cohabitation of contrasting visions which nonetheless prove compatible. Catharsis, mutual rescue and unpredictable moments of introspection. Of arbitrary duration.  
  
Dan Kinzelman – winds, feedback  
Stefano Costanzo – drums, feedback  
  
1st concert at 19.00  
2nd concert at 20.00  
15 euros suggested donation  
  
Place: Toinen Kerros (Nokiantie 2-4), Helsinki
