---
layout: post
title: "Äänen Lumo: Violent Shogun, Keränen"
date: 2025-05-27T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-05-27T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-05-27T21:30:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4"
ics_file: "2025-05-27-43sonl43.ics"
created_date: 2025-05-09T05:56:46.000Z
---

Doors 18:30, Sound 19:00  
Price 5 – 10€   
  
Summer starts (yes, it’s summer) with hissing, screeching and snarling with this double feature in Toinen kerros. Bringing together Violent Shogun from Bordeaux, France who has released exquisite murky material under many pseudonyms and Keränen, who has been dubbed (among other things) as “the unsung hero of 00’s Mego-crew” and a “Finnish noise legend”. Probably needless to say that the evening will be a treat for those who enjoy the noisier side of things.  
  
Violent Shogun, from Bordeaux, France, has been creating his ambient noise since 2017, drawing influences as much from hissy tape murk or electronic waveforms as from the concrete chaos made by mishandled amplified objects. Many of these experimentations based on damaged drones, disintegrating tape loops, creaking metal or disrupted electronic feedback have since been captured on various tapes or CDs released by labels like Satatuhatta (Finland), Angst (Italy), Absurd Exposition (Canada), Buried In Slag And Debris (Canada).  
  
Keränen has been making experimental electronic music since the late 1990s. His work focuses on rudimentary live electronics, feedback, and improvisation. He primarily modes are vivid harsh noise and minimal electronic drones. In addition to his solo projects, he is a member of Paal Nilssen-Love Large Unit, Testicle Hazard, Pymathon, The Truckfuckers, and Gentle Evil. His discography includes around three dozen releases, ranging from cryptic underground tapes to more acclaimed works, such as the “Bats in the Attic” CD, which was a critic’s pick in The Wire in 2010. Keränen has performed extensively around the world and has collaborated with artists like Lasse Marhaug, Florian Hecker, Incapacitants, and many others.
