---
layout: post
title: "Mikko Innanen & Gon Muruaga"
date: 2025-12-03T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2025-12-03T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2025-12-03T21:00:00+02:00
venue: "Asbestos Art Space"
address: "Kristianinkatu 16, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-12-03-nih0a91t.ics"
created_date: 2025-11-28T19:02:58.000Z
---

Two Solos: Mikko Innanen & Gon Muruaga  
Welcome to the exceptional evening of inspiring music and art and enjoy the fantastic artistry of two solo performances - Mikko Innanen, saxophones, and Gon Muruaga, electric guitar.  
Tervetuloa nauttimaan poikkeuksellisesta illasta täynnä inspiroivaa musiikkia ja taidetta kahden upean soolokonsertin kautta - Mikko Innanen, saksofonit, ja Gon Muruaga, sähkökitara.  
Doors / Ovet 18:00  
Showtime 19:00  
Free entry! Artistic support 10-15e.  
  
*******************  
  
About the artists  
Mikko Innanen is a saxophonist, composer and bandleader from Finland, currently residing in Helsinki. A multifaceted and open-minded musician, he thrives in settings that span jazz’s past, present and future: be it in freely improvised solos, duos or trios, small and large ensembles playing his own compositions, or working as a sideman interpreting other people’s music.  
A 2022 DownBeat Rising Star, Innanen has performed in 38 countries, in five continents. The diversity of Innanen’s playing and composition is well documented, with a discography of almost 80 records. This active touring and recording allows him to continuously expand his network of collaborators, and to find further opportunities to explore the spontaneous creativity at the heart of his musical vision.  
His journey through jazz and improvised music began in Loviisa, in small-town southern Finland, where the contents of his father’s comprehensive jazz record collection of jazz records led him to pursue the saxophone further. After starting out in local marching and big bands, he studied at Helsinki’s Sibelius Academy, during which time he spent a crucial exchange year at Copenhagen’s Rhythmic Music Conservatory.  
  
  
Gon Muruaga Olguin is an Argentinian electric guitar player, improviser and composer. He is active in the Nordic and Baltic experimental music scenes. His musical approach combines elements of jazz, free improvisation, contemporary music, experimental music, sound investigation, and interdisciplinary cooperation. He works in the music technology area at Neural DSP, where he combines creativity, engineering, and artistic work. In his artistic work he focuses on pushing the limits of deep listening with electroacoustic music and sound design.  
His duo Duende has a unique mix of free improvised music, noise and AI exploration. He has collaborated with the Eesti Arnold Schönbergi Uhing (Pärnu-Tallinn) and Micro Tonal Studios (Helsinki) performing with the 22edo guitar. His album "Postales" was released by Eclipse Records in Finland, grounding his talent as a performer-composer in the European jazz and improv scene.  
‘Minimal jazz, but because the musicians are so well attuned to each other and keep things so exciting, you keep listening with open ears. A sublime picture.’ Holy Moors, [moorsmagazine.com](http://moorsmagazine.com)  
Before moving to Finland, he was deeply involved in the Buenos Aires underground, experimental music, and jazz scene. He collaborated with multiple interdisciplinary art collectives, such as WarnesGroup (experimental art) and QuisoPinto (Free improvisation and noise music). Näytä vähemmän  
Helsinki  
  
[https://www.facebook.com/events/1799830968086525/](https://www.facebook.com/events/1799830968086525/)
