---
layout: post
title: "Himera ja Sibelius-museo esittävät: Annea Lockwood"
date: 2025-07-26T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-07-26T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-07-26T20:30:00+03:00
venue: "Sibeliusmuseum"
address: "Piispankatu 17, Turku"
ics_file: "2025-07-26-e43f9lq8.ics"
created_date: 2025-06-10T06:02:33.000Z
---

ANNEA LOCKWOOD  
Sibelius museum, Turku  
Saturday 26.7.2025  
7 PM  
Tickets 15€ (discount groups 12€)  
  
Annea Lockwood (b. 1939), one of the prominent first-generation composers of electroacoustic music and sound art, will perform at the Sibelius Museum in Turku on Saturday 26 July. Lockwood will perform her 6-channel work Jitterbug (2007), which is constructed from the processed sounds of water insects, a graphic score and three additional musicians playing. It will be accompanied by two tape works, Buoyant (2023) and Dusk (2012). Lockwood has not performed in Finland before.  
  
Lockwood’s works pulse with energy, endless curiosity and deep openness. Since the 1960s, she has increasingly focused on timbre and new ways of producing sound. Her music investigates how the sounds of our environment enter our bodies and affect us viscerally. Lockwood’s work ranges from concert music to performance art and multimedia installations; collaboration and improvisation are key features of her ouvre.  
  
Over the last decade, Lockwood has often performed Jitterbug in concert: the acoustics of the concert hall and the different players always give it a new feel. In Turku she will be accompanied by Livia Schweizer (flute), Mark Reid Bulatovič (guitar) and Marja Ahti (electronics), who will improvise from a score based on photographs of rock surfaces.  
  
[https://www.annealockwood.com/](https://www.annealockwood.com/)
