---
layout: post
title: "STRING SERIES #3: rihmasto, Merimaija Aalto & Hermanni Yli-Tepsa, Niko Karlsson, Vesa Partti"
date: 2025-03-23T17:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2025-03-23T17:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2025-03-23T19:00:00+02:00
venue: "Äänen Lumo"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, 00510 Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-03-23-vf16kr70.ics"
created_date: 2025-03-17T13:05:07.000Z
---

The STRING SERIES explores experimental approaches to string instruments, being quiet or loud, composed or improvised, acoustic or processed—anything is possible as long as the sound originates from a string. The aim is to present a range of diverse practices from artists of different backgrounds.  
With these events, we'd be happy to create opportunities for collaboration and expand the network of musicians working with stringed instruments.  
—  
PERFORMANCES  
Rihmasto—Electronics with self-made string instrument  
Merimaija Aalto & Hermanni Yli-Tepsa—Violin, Viola & Cello  
Niko Karlsson—Guitars, Banjo  
Vesa Partti—Guitars with machines  
—  
TIMETABLE  
16:00 Doors  
17:00 Vesa Partti  
17:30 Niko Karlsson  
18:00 Merimaija Aalto & Hermanni Yli-Tepsa  
18:30 rihmasto  
—  
RIHMASTO  
"Jukka Andersson and Jarkko Lahti founded their experimental ambient project rihmasto in 1996, whose slow works linger on the border of sleep. In their music, the sense of time and place blurs, immersing the listener deeply in the hypnotic flow of sounds. Their live performances since early 2000 have been like sound journeys, where the world of drone music meets psychoacoustic, enchanted nature adventures. The works are composed for deep listening, inviting the listener to dive into the web of sounds and find new levels and meanings.  
rihmasto will perform a special performance at the STRING SERIES with their recently crafted string instrument."  
Listen: [https://soundcloud.com/rihmasto/](https://soundcloud.com/rihmasto/)  
—  
MERIMAIJA AALTO & HERMANNI YLI-TEPSA  
"Hermanni Yli-Tepsa (violin) and Merimaija Aalto (violin, viola) play short poems in which they have identified at least the movements of everyday objects and water, as well as changes in natural environments. The idea for the violin duo originated last August while preparing film accompaniment for the Forssa silent film festival.  
Hermanni Yli-Tepsa  
Hermanni Yli-Tepsa is a philosophy researcher and string player (violin, double bass) living in Fiskars. He has played, among other things, Balkan music in Stara Zagora, uninhibited vocals in Boris Morgana, and improvised music in the FISQ band. Recently, he has performed, among other things, in the Seitsemäs taivas band, which accompanies silent films.  
Merimaija Aalto  
Merimaija Aalto is a Helsinki-based violinist, violist and vocalist who enjoys creating between musical styles and combining them in an adventurous way. Aalto is known for the band AINON, the Finnish spiritual jazz group Oiro Pena and member of band Lyyti. As a musician, she is particularly fascinated by creating different tones and contrasts on string instruments. Nature, especially forests, the sea and waterways, are dear to Aalto and these themes are part of her music."  
—  
NIKO KARLSSON  
"Niko Karlsson is a musician and artist currently based in Turku. His solo music is a form of mostly acoustic drone folk, dark-hued and slow, with an animistic undercurrent. He's more of a solitary home studio traveler and world builder and rarely plays live. Over the years, Niko's music has been released by Breath Sun Bone Blood, Feeding Tube, Spirit of Orr, Tompkins Square, and Anoema. "  
Listen: [https://breathsunboneblood.bandcamp.com/.../burning-with...](https://breathsunboneblood.bandcamp.com/.../burning-with...)  
—  
VESA PARTTI  
"Metal guitarist Vesa Partti focused on his solo career at the beginning of 2020 to create a minimalist studio live expression,  
utilizing various instruments and equipment while deliberately excluding computers from his music.  
Vesa Partti's soundscapes blend vast ambient, minimalist electronica, Berlin school, and chillout with emotional shades of post-rock. He has released multiple albums on Bandcamp as part of his Ambientwerk series.  
The latest release is a guitar-oriented ambient album, 'Vuoristo' (2024). The next release set for 2025 is a physical album via Skithund Records."  
Listen: [vesapartti.bandcamp.com](http://vesapartti.bandcamp.com)
