---
layout: post
title: "Mother's Delight: Sjöström - Kääriäinen - Nikula - Mureddu"
date: 2025-09-01T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-09-01T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-09-01T21:00:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-09-01-cgqlpe2e.ics"
created_date: 2025-08-13T07:51:19.000Z
---

Welcome to Mother's Delight third encounter, at Toinen Kerros, Vallila, Helsinki!  
Mother's Delight combines Sjöström's and Nikula's legendary winds with electric and digital intrusions provided by Kääriäinen and Mureddu.  
The concert will be recorded.  
  
Harri Sjöström, soprano and sopranino saxophone  
Heikki Nikula, bass clarinet  
Jukka Kääriäinen, el. guitar  
Libero Mureddu, physically modelled piano and effects  
  
/////  
  
Entrance: 5-15€ offer (MobilePay or cash)  
  
/////  
  
BIOS  
Born in 1952 in Turku, Finland, Sjöström studied at Lone Mountain College and the San Francisco Art Institute. Studies with Hari Mann, Leo Wright and Steve Lacy. Participated in workshops by John Cage, George Russell and Bill Dixon. He lives in Berlin.  
From 1978 he worked with Derek Bailey, Teppo Hauta-aho, Paul Lovens, John Russell, Paul Rutherford, among others. From 1990 to 2016 close collaboration with Cecil Taylor. Sjöström has founded numerous ensembles for contemporary improvised music, including Quintet Moderne, Sestetto Internazionale, MOVE Quintet, Flight Mode and he is the initiator and artistic director of the concert and festival series SoundScapes.  
[www.harrisjostrom.com](http://www.harrisjostrom.com)  
-----  
Bass clarinetist Heikki Nikula (b. 1961) studied at the Sibelius Academy, Helsinki, and gave his debut concert 1988. He has also attended master classes in England, Hungary, the Netherlands and Switzerland.  
Nikula plays at Helsinki Filharmonia since 1991 and is an original - and still active - member of Avanti! chamber orchestra (founded in 1983). He performs frequently as a chamber musician and soloist, and has had a recital in several festivals including Helsinki Biennale and Viitasaari Time of Music. His repertoire consists of contemporary music as well as the classical works, and he has commissioned and premiered several new compositions. Nikula's solo albums Hoepnadium and Piping Down the Valleys Wild were published 1996 and 2003.  
Improvisation is also an important part of Nikula's work - for ex. in Free Okapi ensemble. He teaches bass clarinet at the Sibelius Academy.  
-----  
Jukka Kääriäinen is a musician focused on experimental music. Depending on the situation, Jukka's instruments of choice include an acoustic guitar with preparations or an electric guitar with a bag full of effects. Kääriäinen has performed in many European countries and at international festivals in the United Kingdom, Spain, and France. In addition to solo concerts, he regularly performs in bands and has collaborated with many leading European improvisers such as Teppo Hauta-Aho, Kalle Kalima, Harri Sjöström, Axel Dörner, Kriton Beyer, Rieko Okuda, Anil Eraslan, Mikko Innanen, and Joel Grip, premiering works by composers such as Riikka Talvitie, Sebastian Hilli, Sami Klemola, Clara de Asis, and Tytti Arola.  
[www.jukkakaariainen.com](http://www.jukkakaariainen.com)  
-----  
Libero Mureddu is a pianist, improvisor, composer and music technologist. He likes to design unconventional performative spaces to enable the unexpected and innovative. Active in the European improvised music scene, among his current projects are his artistic research 'Embodied Algorithms' and the murmur trio with Cristiano Calcagnile and Andrea Grossi. He teaches free and electroacoustic improvisation at the Sibelius Academy.  
[www.liberomureddu.net](http://www.liberomureddu.net)
