---
layout: post
title: "Space talk: first year of Toinen Kerros "
date: 2025-05-08T17:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-05-08T17:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-05-08T20:00:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-05-08-aiim5dm9.ics"
created_date: 2025-05-06T11:11:24.000Z
---

Welcome on the 8th of May to discuss the past year, and the future of our common sonic art space in Vallila.  
  
This May marks one year since Äänen Lumo started renting the space which is now known as Toinen Kerros.  
  
After the renovation and preparations of the space, now it has been seven months since the activities started, and there have been more than 30 different events, including concerts, exhibitions, discussions, workshops, rehearsals and more informal gatherings in Toinen Kerros. These have been organised by over 20 organisers, both associations and individuals.  
  
In the meantime we, as volunteers, have been working hard to make the space what it is now, and to support and facilitate its activities. We learned a lot and we feel it is time for a moment of shared reflection and discussion on these past months and future possibilities.  
  
We would like to invite you to participate to an open discussion on this first season and share some ideas for the future of this space! We welcome all organisers, artists and audience alike, who have been contributing to Toinen Kerros’ existence, as well as those who are just interested in the topic.  
  
We will offer coffee and some refreshments. Welcome!  
  
Thursday, the 8th of May at 17:00  
Toinen Kerros, Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki  
  
Toinen Kerros is a fully volunteer-led, low treshold, DIY space for presenting, practicing, and encountering sonic art practices. Toinen kerros is founded and currently facilitated by the association Äänen Lumo, and it aims to function as a community space. Most of the rent and running expenses are covered by grant from Kone Foundation for three years, and during this time we aim to experiment ways to operate and plan for a possible future.
