---
layout: post
title: "Improvisational: Paton / Muruaga / Mustonen / Viirakivi"
date: 2025-10-02T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-10-02T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-10-02T20:30:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-10-02-ak8osrlg.ics"
created_date: 2025-09-27T10:59:00.000Z
---

Improvisational: Paton / Muruaga / Mustonen / Viirakivi  
  
2.10 at Toinen Kerros @aanenlumo  
Doors 6 pm  
Showtime 7 pm  
  
Welcome to an evening of improvisational music, where every sound is created in the moment. Expect experimental, playful, and surprising pieces that unfold through spontaneous interaction between the performers and the space. The result is a unique concert experience full of unexpected twists, lively energy, and shared discovery—an evening that spices up your night with bold creativity and exciting improvisations.  
Free entry! Suggested donation 5-15 €.   
  
Performers:  
Si Paton, bass  
Gon Muruaga, electric guitar  
Teemu Mustonen, drums  
Heliä Mailiis Viirakivi, voice, flutes  
  
  
About the performers  
Si Paton is a composer, improviser, bassist, academic, event curator, noisemaker, smart mouth and general antagonist. He has completed his PhD at Royal Birmingham Conservatoire and previously studied electric bass and jazz composition at University of West London. As an improviser, he has played with many well known figures, and was previously the bassist and bandleader in the math-jazz group Selectric. His solo performances, the trans-Atlantic no wave duo Phame, as well as a duo with drummer Rob Nettleship are currently his most prominent projects. He was previously the founder and curator of Thinking/Not Thinking Fest, and currently runs the concert series Don't Mind Control. Picture credits John Convery.  
  
Gonzalo Muruaga Olguin is an Argentinian electric guitar player, improviser and composer. His musical approach combines elements of jazz, free improvisation, contemporary music, experimental music, sound investigation, and interdisciplinary cooperation. He is active in the Nordic and Baltic experimental music scenes and holds a degree of Contemporary Improvisation from the Estonian Academy of Music and Theater. In his artistic work he focuses on pushing the limits of deep listening with electroacoustic music and sound design.   
  
Teemu Mustonen is an improvising percussionist from Helsinki. He explores the possibilities of the drum kit and its preparation in solo and ensemble contexts, and performs widely in various ensembles and projects.  
  
Heliä Mailiis Viirakivi is a versatile Finnish MMus vocalist-flutist, performer, improviser, and composer working across innovative new music, experimental music, improvisation, and interdisciplinary concepts. In her art she blends extended vocal and instrumental techniques with folk melodies, and strong classical singing to shape her unique artistic voice.   
  
---   
  
Toinen Kerros is a volunteer-led, low threshold, DIY space for presenting, practicing, and encountering sonic art practices. Founded and currently facilitated by the association Äänen Lumo, it aims to function as a community-driven space. Rent and running costs of the space are partly covered by the Kone Foundation until Spring 2027.
