---
layout: post
title: "Live Jazz @ Sophie: Jimenez, Mureddu, Ospovat, Vannesluoma"
date: 2025-09-24T20:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-09-24T20:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-09-24T21:30:00+03:00
venue: "Ravintola Sophie"
address: "Koskelantie 9, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-09-24-88hjiih4.ics"
created_date: 2025-09-17T08:23:49.000Z
---

In celebration of Kenneth Jimenez’s weeklong visit to Finland, a quartet of some of his Finnish and American friends will perform at Ravintola Sophie! The lineup features leading players from the Finnish improvisedmusic scene.  
Free entry, voluntary contributions to the performers are welcome.  
BIOS:  
Kenneth Jimenez is a bassist, composer and photographer from Costa Rica, currently based in New York City. Active in the international jazz and improvised music scene, he has collaborated with artists such as Dave Liebman, Angelica Sanchez, Tony Malaby and Gerald Cleaver, and has appeared at venues including the Kennedy Center, The Jazz Gallery and the National Theatre of Costa Rica. His quartet project Sonnet to Silence will release its debut album on WeJazz Records in 2023. Alongside his musical practice, he develops a strong visual language, recently presenting his award-winning photography project Verolís in Helsinki.  
Libero Mureddu is an Italian-Finnish pianist, improviser, and researcher based in Helsinki. Active in the Finnish and European improvised music scene, he currently leads the ‘murmur trio’ with bassist Andrea Grossi and drummer Cristiano Calcagnile. In his research projects he combines improvisation, composition, digital audiovisual projections, and algorithmic scores. An advocate for improvisation in institutional contexts, he teaches free and electroacoustic improvisation at the Sibelius Academy.  
  
Sam Ospovat is a drummer and composer interested in the intersection of new rhythmic structures and improvisation. After his immersion in 20th century percussion music and Haitian Voudou drumming, Ospovat developed song forms resembling Calder-like mobiles. The NYTimes has called his work ”…prismatic, oddly seductive…inspired by the 12-tone modern classical composers, the snarled energies of math rock and the rough-riding vigor of jazz improvising.”  
Josefiina Vannesluoma is a jazz vocalist, flutist and improviser based in Helsinki, Finland. Her vocal agility and unique multi-genre compositions with her ensembles Mortal Lease and Signe have enchanted publics and reviews around Northern Europe. She draws inspiration from idling in parks and cafés, savoring the sounds of nature and different languages.  
***  
Vapaa pääsy  
***  
Ravintola Sophie  
Koskelantie 9  
00610 Helsinki  
info@[ravintolasophie.fi](http://ravintolasophie.fi)  
+358105086910
