---
layout: post
title: "HES 2025: Daniel Malpikka, Lauri Hyvärinen & The Global Interdisciplinary Improvisation Ensemble"
date: 2025-05-21T18:30:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-05-21T18:30:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-05-21T21:00:00+03:00
venue: "Forum Box Gallery"
address: "Ruoholahdenranta 3 A Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-05-21-jd8tqpr5.ics"
created_date: 2025-05-15T10:37:32.000Z
---

Welcome to a unique evening of live improvised performances at Forum Box Gallery as the Helsinki Experimental Series (HES) continues with its third event of 2025.  
  
📅 21st of May  
🕖 19:00  
📍Forum Box Gallery (Ruoholahdenranta 3 A Helsinki)  
🎟 Free admission.  
  
For this occasion, we will have three sets of solo performances by our main guests: Daniel Malpikka, Lauri Hyvärinen & The Global Interdisciplinary Improvisation Ensemble (End of spring version). After showcasing these outstanding performances, the stage will be open for the “Blind dates for improvisers”: A first-time encounter among members of the audience and our main guests. Bring along your instruments, get inspired by the art works at Forumbox, and perform with the main guests!  
  
Schedule:  
18:30 Doors open  
19:00 Guest Artists Performances  
20:00 Blind dates for improvises  
  
Performing artists info:  
Daniel Malpikka: Launching at the unsettling milieu of both Helsinki and Mexico City’s poetry and art scenes, Malpikka has emerged as a transatlantic author in the literature and multimedia domains while exploring the intersections of language, graphic design, and digital expression. As a multimedia artist and curator, Malpikka has been involved in developing cutting-edge transdisciplinary literary productions across Europe, the Nordics, and Mexico. His work has been featured and commissioned for venues such as the Contemporary Art Museum of Helsinki (Kiasma) and the Helsinki International Artist Programme (Hiap). Malpikka served as editor and designer of Radiador Magazine. He was a member of the board of directors of the Finnish PEN and the artistic director of the Copenhagen Literature Festival.  
  
Lauri Hyvärinen is a Helsinki-based artist whose work is situated in the intersection of improvisation and electroacoustic composition. His recent work examines and exposes the  
relationships between place, memory, documentation and process. Live he uses a predetermined range of minimalist tools to reference the surrounding spatial and acoustic aspects to create sound textures that evolve spontaneously in-situ. His discography includes several solo and collaborative releases on labels in Japan, Europe and US, including Ftarri, NUNC. and Dinzu Artefacts. His latest solo release Cut Contexts, a  
series of multilocational and processual electroacoustic compositions was released in November 2021 by Intonema.  
  
The Global Interdisciplinary Improvisation Ensemble embraces students from the different programs at the Uniarts Helsinki, in order to develop skills for creating multidisciplinary performances in real time. By merging together diverse artistic and cultural backgrounds, as well as different genres and levels of expertise, the ensemble displays a unique way of creating improvised pieces in different line-ups. For this occasion, the ensemble brings along a set full of sonic and performative experiences collected by the interaction of its members during an intensive course-laboratory period conducted by Sergio Castrillón during the end of the spring.  
  
HELSINKI EXPERIMENTAL SERIES 2024/2025 is a Community Engagement/Action Research/Artistic Research project, that intends to establish an interaction space for members of the different communities of improvisers based or working in Helsinki.  
  
The HES 2024/2025 series is developed and funded in collaboration with: Forum Box Gallery, The Global Music Department of the Sibelius Academy, Interkult (Kassandra ry), and the KONE Foundation. The research, curatorial, and artistic direction component of this project is run by Sergio Castrillón.  
The event poster is designed by artist Fabu Pires.
