---
layout: post
title: "Dear Society, : Club Grief"
date: 2025-02-22T22:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2025-02-22T22:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2025-02-23T00:00:00+02:00
venue: "Mad House Helsinki"
address: "Lintulahdenkatu 3, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-02-22-n5250si4.ics"
created_date: 2025-02-04T17:59:58.000Z
---

Club Grief is a club night for all grievers and friends.   
  
Club Grief is born out of the wish to allow grievers or grieving individuals to go clubbing in times where a normal club might not feel as the safest option. Dancing, clubbing and music hold the potential to host grief and to let grief come to the surface, yet, most clubs are high-threshold for grieving individuals due to the pressure to perform in a certain (happy/uplifted/party-proof/exhilarating/excited) way.   
  
There is little room for tears on the dancing floor and Club Grief tries to change that. We invite all types of grievers to bring their grief to the dancing floor, whatever this might look [like.The](http://like.The) anonymity and the freedom of emotions on the dancing floor can act facilitating in the navigation of the sometimes new or scary feelings of loss and grief, while dancing and movement can help us deal with emotional pain.  
  
Welcome to Club Grief with music provided by Death by Landscape and M Lore, come to dance, cry and hold each other or take a little breather in the soft space by Leik Silvestrini.   
  
TIME  
22.2. at 22.00  
First performance of the evening at 22:10  
Second performance at around 23:00  
  
DURATION  
2h   
  
The audience can come and go according to their own schedule. If you want to see both performances, it's best to stay for the whole thing.  
  
LANGUAGE  
English  
  
NOTE  
The event will use high volume, smoke and flashing lights.  
  
You can bring your own non-alcoholic drinks to the event. You can buy alcoholic drinks at the bar tÿpo (1st floor) and bring them with you to the Mad House Helsinki's stage Parvisali.  
  
ABOUT ACCESSIBILITY  
Dancing is not compulsory at the event. You can be in the space as you are able and comfortable.    
  
There will be safe(r) space maintainers, who will be indicated by a tear sign.   
  
AGE RECOMMENDATION  
18+  
  
MORE INFO  
[https://www.madhousehelsinki.fi/ohjelmisto/dear-society-club-grief](https://www.madhousehelsinki.fi/ohjelmisto/dear-society-club-grief)
