---
layout: post
title: "Rahina-klubi: 2duos - Connections Revisited !!!"
date: 2025-04-17T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-04-17T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-04-17T21:00:00+03:00
venue: "Rahina-klubi, Merihakaseuran Kylätupa"
address: "Haapaniemenkatu 14, 00530 Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-04-17-g5mgt5up.ics"
created_date: 2025-03-10T08:32:35.000Z
---

Muutos soittajistossa - Change in the lineup<br><br>Contrary to previous information, due to illness, the lineup  at the Rahina club concert on April 17th will be:<br><br><span><a></a></span>Lauri Hyvärinen &amp; Jaakko Kuikka, [el.guitar](http://el.guitar) &amp; shakuhachi+sax <br>Jukka-Pekka Kervinen &amp; Vesa Lehko, electronics &amp; woodwinds<br><br><br>The Rahina Club brings together four musicians who have not met for 40 years, 4 months, or something in between!<br>Lauri Hyvärinen's main sound source is the guitar. In his playing, he utilizes the possibilities of improvisation, composition, and minimalist structures in his search for common and enhanced social and spatial structures.<br>..." the guitar sound was excitingly rough and the chords were unique"<br>Jaakko Kuikka is a dancer and musician who explores the shapes of the body-mind terrain through silence, movement and sound. He is inspired by butoh dance, among other things, and explores sound with the body, shakuhachi flute, piano and saxophone.<br>Jukka-Pekka Kervinen is a Finnish composer, visual artist, and experimental poet and musician. Kervinen's latest sonic adventure, Narella (Egdetone Records), is a deeply captivating dive into the art of experimental sound collage. This musical journey crosses genre and texture boundaries and creates a rich, impactful experience for everyone.<br>Vesa Lehko is interested in exploring the boundaries of music and various sound phenomena through improvisation. In addition to playing woodwinds, found sounds and objects, he runs the experimental music, improvisation and sound art venue Rahina in Merihaka, Helsinki.<br>Free admission. Warm welcome!<br>
