---
layout: post
title: "Rahina-klubi: Manitos + Koho, Lehko, Rautio - trio"
date: 2025-12-08T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2025-12-08T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2025-12-08T20:30:00+02:00
venue: "Kylätupa in Merihaka"
address: "Haapaniemenkatu 14, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-12-08-o2nhpajj.ics"
created_date: 2025-11-30T17:45:33.000Z
---

Rahina-klubi: MANITOS + trio Koho, Lehko, Rautio  
An evening of improvised and experimental music  
  
////////  
  
MANITOS  
  
Sebastian Castrillon - cello / el. bass  
Steffan Mazivila - keyboard / percussion  
  
"Through sonic experimentation, we seek to communicate beyond language, culture, and belief, embracing the roots and origins of all. We create by exploring our voices, connecting with our emotions and moods, and enjoying the present moment on a journey of brotherhood."  
  
////////////////////////  
  
Trio Koho-Lehko-Rautio  
  
Jari-Pekka Koho- electronics  
Vesa Lehko- reeds, objects  
Juha Rautio - baritone guitar, electronics  
  
The trio members are united by the utilization of various restrictions and structural models in improvisation.  
[J.Koho](http://J.Koho) has worked in a variety of fields with music, making electro-acoustic music, exploring the possibilities of preparing instruments and objects, and playing improvisations.  
Vesa Lehko explores the borderlands between music and sound phenomena with wind instruments, found sounds, and objects. He also runs the Rahina-club for experimental music, improvisation, and sound art in Merihaka, Helsinki.  
Juha Rautio plays improvised music on an electric guitar and approaches music with a touch of poetry and general avant-gardism.  
The trio members have performed at various events and venues focused on experimental music, such as Asbestos Art Space, Käpylän Lippakioski, Pertin Valinta, Rahina club, Pethaus, and Yö Galleria.  
  
[https://fb.me/e/6p0uMsfz2](https://fb.me/e/6p0uMsfz2)
