---
layout: post
title: "MENTAL ALASKA: Chris Corsano / Darin Gray / Sami Pekkola"
date: 2025-05-21T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-05-21T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-05-21T22:00:00+03:00
venue: "Äänen Lumo / Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4"
ics_file: "2025-05-21-kqr4e56f.ics"
created_date: 2025-05-04T20:42:38.000Z
---

Mental Alaska:  
CHRIS CORSANO (US) / DARIN GRAY (US) / SAMI PEKKOLA (FI)  
  
Doors 19.00  
Entrance 10-15 € at the door (cash or MobilePay)  
Äänen Lumo / toinen kerros  
Nokiantie 2-4, HKI  
  
[https://www.facebook.com/events/973943878248995](https://www.facebook.com/events/973943878248995)  
  
******************************************  
CHRIS CORSANO  
  
Drummer Chris Corsano has been working at the intersection of free jazz, avant-rock and experimental music since the late 90s. Corsano is widely regarded as one of the most versatile and innovative drummers in contemporary improvised music. He has developed a unique musical language that transcends traditional notions of what can be done with drums. Corsano's playing partners come from the worlds of rock (e.g. Bill Orcutt), jazz (Joe McPhee, Rodrigo Amado) and experimental music. Corsano played on Björk's Volta album and on the album's world tour.  
  
"one of the world's great drummers" - Guardian  
"...arguably the most riotously energetic and creative drummer in contemporary free jazz" - Wire Magazine  
  
DARIN GRAY  
  
Originally from St. Louis and now settled in Finland, bassist Darin Gray is known as a solo artist, tireless collaborator, session musician, improviser, composer, educator and Jim O'Rourke's regular bassist for over 25 years. Gray's discography includes over 150 releases. He has composed for film, theatre, dance and radio, and has toured extensively in the US, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Brazil, Canada, Russia and Europe. Since 2005, Gray and Chris Corsano have performed together under the name Chikamorachi, most often with saxophonist Akira Sakata, either as a trio or in extended ensembles. Gray's other projects include On Fillmore, a long-running duo with Glenn Kotche, Grand Ulena, Dazzling Killmen, You Fantastic! and Brise-Glace.  
  
SAMI PEKKOLA  
  
Saxophonist Sami Pekkola is one of the most active figures in Finnish experimental music and free jazz. Working in a variety of ensembles and projects, the energetic saxophonist has performed with electronic music pioneer Pekka Airaksinen and free jazz legend Peter Brötzmann, among others. In recent years, Pekkola has recorded with the Italian-Finnish band Muumiot and Oaagaada. The latter's album "Music of Oaagaada" was selected by Bandcamp as one of the best jazz releases of November 2024. Recently, Pekkola has also been actively touring with Oiro Pena and Phardah.
