---
layout: post
title: "Rahina-klubi: Modular synths and air blowing tubes"
date: 2025-11-05T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2025-11-05T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2025-11-05T20:30:00+02:00
venue: "Kylätupa, Merihaka"
address: "Haapaniemenkatu 14, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-11-05-tmv5l1u2.ics"
created_date: 2025-10-12T12:29:55.000Z
---

Rahina-club: Modular synths and air blowing tubes  
  
Sulo Kolehmainen,  solo synth  
+ Livia Schweizer, flutes - Tom Lönnqvist, synth - Vesa Lehko, reeds  
  
  
Sulo Kolehmainen is an improviser and a sound artist based between Helsinki and Venezia. His work usually involves field recordings, nonlinear feedback systems and often some form of collaboration. His engagement with sound deals with memory, agency and inquiries about how the human condition and the so called natural world wrap around each other.    
  
///  
  
Livia Schweizer  is a flutist, educator and artistic researcher based in Helsinki. She is known for her interest in improvisation and non-conventional music notation as a tool of bringing together creative souls from different backgrounds, ages and cultures.  
Livia is a very versatile musician who loves to engage with different kinds of repertoire and to perform in different musical contexts  e.g. the NYKY-ensemble, Avanti!, Korvat Auki, the UMUU-ensemble.  
  
Tom Lönnqvist is a Finnish artist working with sound, space and performance. He has a masters degree in sound and has been part of several acclaimed dance and performance art pieces. Tom's artistic work include working with body, modular synthesis, video, installation, painting, drums and ambisonic field-recordings. Tom is internationally recognised of his work on the label Mille Plateaux.  
  
Vesa Lehko plays saxophones and clarinets and is interested in finding new ways of playing and making music with objects and sounds found in his own environment.  
  
Free entry
