---
layout: post
title: "Rahina-klubi: Koho/Koskenlahti - Lehko/Rautio/Mustonenn"
date: 2025-03-20T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2025-03-20T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2025-03-20T21:00:00+02:00
venue: "Merihaan Kylätupa"
address: "Haapaniemenkatu 14"
ics_file: "2025-03-20-v69mfkac.ics"
created_date: 2025-02-05T05:51:12.000Z
---

Concert of improvised music  
  
Duo Koho/Koskenlahti  
The duo's interests are to explore the potential of sound stored in different spaces, conventional instruments and atypical sound sources and to find different ways to release it. The duo organizes the found sounds into sound fabrics, utilizing, among other things, electroacoustic music, free improvisation and composition methods, and drawing influences from many different sources.  
Minna Koskenlahti's musical background is based on Nordic folk music and she has a melodious approach to percussion instruments. Minna is curious to find the limits and boundlessness of her instruments and to create minimalist, intense and hypnotic sounds.  
[J.Koho](http://J.Koho) has worked in a variety of fields with music, making field recordings, electroacoustic music and playing improvisations.  
  
//////////////////////////  
  
Trio Lehko-Rautio-Mustonen  
Teemu Mustonen is an improvising percussionist from Helsinki. He explores the possibilities of the drum kit and its preparation in solo and ensemble contexts, and performs widely in various ensembles and projects.  
Juha Rautio plays improvised music on the electric guitar and approaches music with a touch of poetry and general avant-gardism.  
Vesa Lehko has been involved in Helsinki's improvisational scene since the 1980s, but in between he worked on TV shows. Now he continues to explore the boundaries of music and sound phenomena with wind instruments, found sounds and objects,  He also runs the Rahina club for experimental music, improvisation and sound art in Merihaka, Helsinki.  
The Lehko-Rautio-Mustonen trio is now playing together for the first time.  
  
[https://fb.me/e/i3TUuNv4J](https://fb.me/e/i3TUuNv4J)
