---
layout: post
title: "THREE DUOS: Enberg – Malmberg (SWE)  / Mureddu – Oittinen / Kolehmainen – Schweizer"
date: 2025-09-27T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-09-27T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-09-27T21:00:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-09-27-4te8gdko.ics"
created_date: 2025-09-20T16:22:07.000Z
---

THREE DUOS: Enberg – Malmberg (SWE)  / Mureddu – Oittinen / Kolehmainen – Schweizer  
  
  
BIOS  
  
Cecilia Enberg and Eric Malmberg mix sounds from the legendary Düben Organ, built in 1608, with the Buchla synthesizer, which was constructed in 1968. The result is long atmospheric drones. The duo plays to an ambient film that shows suggestive patterns. Cecilia is an interdisciplinary artist with roots in printmaking, and Eric also plays in Sagor & Swing. This Summer, they have performed at The Great Noise performance festival, Fylkingen Satelliter at Bio Savannen, and PLX festival.  
  
///  
  
Libero Mureddu is an Italian-Finnish pianist, improviser, composer, and researcher based in Helsinki. Active in the Finnish and European improvised music scene, he currently leads the ‘murmur trio’ with bassist Andrea Grossi and drummer Cristiano Calcagnile. In his research projects he combines improvisation, composition, digital audiovisual projections, and algorithmic scores to create unpredictable performative scenarios. He teaches free and electroacoustic improvisation at the Sibelius Academy.  
  
Eevi Oittinen is a visual artist fascinated by the interaction of the visual and the sonic arts. Her work includes traditional painting in mixed media as well as interdisciplinary collaborations that bring together painting and contemporary music. With an analogue overhead projector, Oittinen’s drawing becomes a (mute) musical instrument. In direct dialogue with improvised music, free from the hierarchy of one illustrating the other, focus is on presence and communication.  
  
///  
  
Sulo Kolehmainen is an improviser and a sound artist based between Helsinki and Venezia. His work usually involves field recordings, nonlinear feedback systems and often some form of collaboration. His engagement with sound deals with memory, agency and inquiries about how the human condition and the so called natural world wrap around each other.  
  
Livia Schweizer is a flutist, improvisor, educator and artistic researcher raised in Italy and based in Helsinki. As an active and versatile freelancer, she enjoys to explore from different angles how improvisation and non-conventional notation can be used as tools for intercultural and interdisciplinary collaboration. Co-founder of Earth Ears Ensemble, she has premiered works by Tytti Arola, Mioko Yokoyama, Turkka Inkilä, Meriheini Luoto and more. She teaches at the International School of Helsinki and is a doctoral candidate at Uniarts, Sibelius Academy.
