---
layout: post
title: "Suhina Klubi: Josefiina Vannesluoma"
date: 2025-03-26T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2025-03-26T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2025-03-26T21:00:00+02:00
venue: "Myymälä2"
address: "Uudenmaankatu 23, FI-00120 Helsinki, Suomi"
ics_file: "2025-03-26-e53uf21r.ics"
created_date: 2025-01-26T14:38:03.000Z
---

Suhina Klubi serves as a platform for improvised and experimental music and sound art within Helsinki. During the year 2025 we present improvised music ensembles from Finland and abroad.  
  
In the third edition of Suhina Klubi for the spring 2025, we are proud to host vocalist/flutist/composer Josefiina Vannesluoma.  
  
Josefiina Vannesluoma is a vocalist, flutist, composer and improviser based in Helsinki, Finland. Her vocal versatility and unique genre-fluid compositions for her ensembles Mortal Lease and Signe have enchanted publics and reviews around Northern Europe and gained her three nominations for the Finnish Jazz Record of the Year and an honorary mention for Teosto Award. She also sings with the Teosto Prize awarded Mikko Sarvanne Garden. She is a Jazz Major alumnus from University of Arts Helsinki.  
  
"..the star of the event was vocalist Josefiina Vannesluoma, who sometimes sounded like an opera singer and often took on very different characters with her voice. In the wildest of them, she had whole conversations alone in completely made-up languages, whose intonation was at a startling level, and also really fun to watch, —"  
Telakka Jazz 2023 review, Jussi Niemi/ Soundi Magazine, Jan 14, 2023  
  
Suhina Klubi is supported by Kone foundation and city of Helsinki  
Tickets: 15€/8€
