---
layout: post
title: "Wilson Tanner Smith (US/FI) "We have gathered here today" | Evelin Lindberg (SE/NO) "Search Engine Optimization" | Malte Dag Rödström (SE) "Unfold" // Ung Nordisk Musik"
date: 2025-08-29T18:30:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-08-29T18:30:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-08-29T21:00:00+03:00
venue: "Teater Viirus"
address: "Välimerenkatu 14, 00220 Helsinki, Finland"
ics_file: "2025-08-29-5cg12k2u.ics"
created_date: 2025-08-21T08:27:04.000Z
---

The 2025 Ung Nordisk Musik Festival takes on technocracy in this mash-up of conference, stage, and dance—bringing together works that explore the bizarre, the omnipotent, and the achingly human sides of technology. Featuring a diverse group of international artists and performers from Finland, Sweden, Denmark, Iceland, and the United States, Teater Viirus becomes a site of reckoning for our digital overlords.   
  
Pay-what-you-wish tickets available:  
[https://www.viirus.fi/forestallningar/ung-nordisk-musik-festival](https://www.viirus.fi/forestallningar/ung-nordisk-musik-festival)  
[https://unmfestival.fi/](https://unmfestival.fi/)  
  
Language: English   
Content warning: None  
Duration: 2 hours   
  
Search Engine Optimization (Sweden, Norway)  
Composition, concept, and electronics: Evelin Lindberg  
Performer: Myrsky Ylänen  
Conferenciere: Elias Schomers  
  
We have gathered here today (US, Finland)  
Performer, co-creation: Wilson Tanner Smith  
Co-creation: Lucas Xerxes  
Live Electronics: Viktor Toikkanen  
  
Unfold (Sweden)  
Performer, concept: Malte Dag Rödström  
  
Other Credits:   
Event Producer:  Haiyun Yu  
Sound Design: Viktor Toikkanen  
Light Design: Oskari Kalliomäki  
  
//  
  
"We have gathered here today" is a multimedia cello-theatre performance rooted in gathering, expecting, presenting, projecting, waiting, and identifying. Who is this performer? Who is this audience? Why did [they] sit in [that] seat and not [that] one?  
  
Exploding the framework of a cello recital which may or may not ever begin, its performer veers freely into psychological monologues, small talk, social media meditations, a research presentation, and data exhaustion. Sliding freely between the ordinary and the abstract, "we have gathered here today" examines our agency over how/when our identities and expressions happen, the ways in which social relations are data-driven encounters, and playfully probes the barriers and bridges involved in being your self, and in being strangers, here, together.
