---
layout: post
title: "SOMETHING ELSE vol. 9 | Sirkiä/Lehko/Smith"
date: 2025-12-21T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2025-12-21T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2025-12-21T21:00:00+02:00
venue: "Musta Kissa"
address: "Toinen Linja 15"
ics_file: "2025-12-21-7ejaogru.ics"
created_date: 2025-11-25T11:48:21.000Z
---

Round out your 2025 concert year with SOMETHING ELSE.  
Vol. 9 of the soon-to-be long-running improvised concert series brings together local and international Finnish musicians -- Switzerland-based Annika Johanna Sirkiä (tuba) joins Vesa Lehko (reeds), a long-time fixture in Helsinki's jazz and improvised music scenes, and Wilson Tanner Smith (cello) for a first-time trio.   
*Special holiday / year-end gifts and surprises may await...  
See you there - 4th Thursdays at Musta Kissa   
!! This time on Sunday !!  
  
Free entry, suggested donation €5-€500 (mobilepay or cash)  
2 sets  
7pm  
  
SOMETHING ELSE is a concert series for improvised music focused on new meetings of musicians from across Helsinki's free improv, experimental, jazz, electronic, and global music communities, hosted on the 4th Thursday of each month at Kallio's Musta Kissa bar. New small-ensemble groupings are highlighted each time, with an emphasis on surprise, difference, curiosity, energy, and connection. Curated/hosted by Wilson Tanner Smith.  
  
//  
  
About:  
ANNIKA JOHANNA SIRKIÄ (she/her) is a Finnish performer, improviser and composer who is based in Lucerne (CH) and Helsinki (FI). Annika is a versatile musician who actively searches for different styles and formats - from jazz to contemporary, from free improvisation to audiovisual productions. She performs regularly with several improvisation and experimental music groups in Switzerland and Finland. In her own compositions she focuses on interdisciplinary art combining composed and improvised music, visuals, text and movement.   
[annnika.fi](http://annnika.fi)  
  
VESA LEHKO plays saxophones and clarinets and is interested in finding new ways of playing and making music with objects and sounds found in his own environment. He also organizes the Rahina club in Merihaka Kylätupa.  
  
WILSON TANNER SMITH is a cellist, composer, improviser, and music-theatre artist currently based in Helsinki. His musical sensibility is informed by free improvisation/free jazz, ambient, DIY and found sounds, and by many cross-cultural/-genre collaborations in his former hometown, Chicago, and more recently across northern/western Europe. He frequently collaborates across music, theatre, and dance projects, and is also a member of the improvising quartet Mad Myth Science, whose debut album was released August 2023 to acclaim from The Wire, the Quietus, Chicago Reader, and Stereogum.  
[www.wilsontannersmith.com](http://www.wilsontannersmith.com)
