---
layout: post
title: "ÄäMET­RIC (METRIC 2025 #6)"
date: 2025-02-22T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2025-02-22T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2025-02-22T21:30:00+02:00
venue: "Äänen Lumo"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-02-22-nksok28c.ics"
created_date: 2025-02-07T16:05:29.000Z
---

Join us for an exceptional concert at the Äänen Lumo space in Vallila, featuring an international line up of METRIC teachers together with members of the Finnish improvisation community.  
  
Corinna Eikmeier (Lübeck), cello  
Annika Fuhrmann (Helsinki), voice  
Pedro Fernández (Barcelona), electronics  
Heli Hartikainen (Helsinki), saxophone  
Gerardo Gozzi (London), saxophone  
Lauri Hyvärinen (Helsinki), el. guitar  
Nicola Hein (Lübeck), electronics  
Sirpa Jokinen (Helsinki), electronics  
Charlotte Hug (Zurich, Lucerne), viola  
Jukka Kääriäinen (Helsinki), el. guitar  
Diego Kohn (Zurich), viola  
Vesa Lehko (Helsinki), saxophone  
Alistair MacDonald (Glasgow), live electronics  
Gon Muruaga (Helsinki), el. guitar  
Arnas Mikalkenas (Vilnius), piano, drums  
Teemu Mustonen (Helsinki), drums  
Liudas Mockūnas (Vilnius), saxophone  
Juha Rautio (Espoo), el. guitar / electronics  
Melik Turunen (Helsinki), electronics  
  
METRIC is an international network of several leading European conservatoires, dedicated to advancing improvisation teaching in higher music education. While many of its members are active in the broader improvisation scene, this concert aims to connect with the Finnish creative community, especially those not affiliated with any institution, which is often the case in free improvisation communities. The Sibelius Academy is a member of the Metric network.  
  
Äänen Lumo association promotes experimental sonic arts in Finland, and faciliates interaction, communality and exchange between artists, associations and collectives.  
  
Äänen Lumo Space is a new community-driven, low threshold, DIY space for presenting, practicing, and encountering sound based art practices.   
  
[http://metricimpro.eu](http://metricimpro.eu)  
[http://aanenlumo.com](http://aanenlumo.com)  
  
Further information: Anna Huuskonen-Kuhlefelt, anna[DOT]huuskonen-kuhlefelt[AT]uniarts[DOT]fi
