---
layout: post
title: "Mureddu - Oittinen: Fragments"
date: 2025-10-25T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-10-25T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-10-25T20:30:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-10-25-m424erra.ics"
created_date: 2025-10-22T11:32:09.000Z
---

Libero Mureddu - physically modelled piano and effects  
Eevi Oittinen - performative drawing  
  
Their collaborative project, Fragments (active since 2024), explores through improvisation the space where visuals and sound share equal importance. Soundscapes and live projected drawing meet in an interdisciplinary dialogue, often described as a cinematic, dream-like and captivating experience.  
  
Location: Toinen Kerros (Äänen Lumo), Nokiantie 2-4, 00510 Helsinki.  
Tickets: donation between 5 and 15€ via MobilePay or cash.  
The concert will be recorded. Doors open 18:30.  
  
BIOS  
Libero Mureddu is an Italian-Finnish pianist, improviser, composer, and researcher based in Helsinki. Active in the Finnish and European improvised music scene, he currently leads the ‘murmur trio’ with bassist Andrea Grossi and drummer Cristiano Calcagnile. In his research projects he combines improvisation, composition, digital audiovisual projections, and algorithmic scores to create unpredictable performative scenarios. He teaches free and electroacoustic improvisation at the Sibelius Academy.  
  
Eevi Oittinen is a visual artist fascinated by the interaction of the visual and the sonic arts. Her work includes painting in oils and mixed media as well as interdisciplinary collaborations that bring together painting and contemporary music. With an analogue overhead projector, Oittinen’s drawing becomes a (mute) musical instrument. In direct dialogue with improvised music, free from the hierarchy of one illustrating the other, focus is on presence and communication.
