---
layout: post
title: "Äänikylpy: Rieko Okuda, Antti Virtaranta & Jukka Kääriäinen "
date: 2025-07-27T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-07-27T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-07-27T21:30:00+03:00
venue: "Uusi Sauna"
address: "Välimerenkatu 10, Helsinki "
ics_file: "2025-07-27-r1a3u4g6.ics"
created_date: 2025-07-10T08:45:19.000Z
---

Rieko Okuda is a pianist and composer from Japan. She began playing classical music at the age of 3. She also studied music therapy at Doshisha Women’s College. Music therapy led her to contemporary and improvised music. After graduating, she moved to the United States to study jazz. She quickly immersed herself in the American jazz scene, performing with jazz musicians such as Bob Mintzer, Jon Faddis, and John Fedchock at various jazz festivals, including the North Texas Jazz Festival and the Notre Dame Jazz Festival.  
  
After a few years, while in Philadelphia, she became interested in free jazz and improvised music. She performed with improvisers such as Marshall Allen (Sun Ra Arkestra), Elliott Levin (who recorded with Cecil Taylor), and Calvin Weston (who recorded with Ornette Coleman). Her interest in improvised music eventually led her to move to Berlin.  
  
In Berlin, she has performed with various musicians, including Tobias Delius, Axel Dörner, Els Vandeweyer, and Linda Fredriksson, among others. She also collaborates with contemporary dancers such as Yuko Kaseki, Akemi Nagao, and Annapaola Leso (from Sasha Waltz & Guests). She performs at various experimental festivals, including A'Larme Festival, JOE Festival Essen, Brda Contemporary Music Festival, XChange Festival, Experymental Festival, Flux Festival, and Soundance Festival, to name a few.  
[http://www.riekookuda.com](http://www.riekookuda.com)  
  
Antti Virtaranta is a Finnish bassist and composer. He began his music career at the age of 17, focusing on jazz and studying at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia. He quickly became immersed in free jazz and experimental electronic music, which changed everything for him.  
  
He moved to Berlin to join its vibrant improvisation scene, starting projects with many musicians and developing his own musical voice. Currently, he is focused on expressing his sound through composition and improvisation, using voice and music. His musical language is shaped by his influences from jazz and rock music as well as self-taught contemporary music.  
  
Today, his focus lies in concepts and compositions for solo bass and solo electronics, as well as in the use of non-traditional notation. These ideas are developed and realized in smaller groups (duos and trios) and larger ensembles he is part of, creating momentary compositions in various projects that include collaborations with dancers and visual artists, in addition to many other musicians.  
[https://avirtmusic.weebly.com](https://avirtmusic.weebly.com)  
  
Jukka Kääriäinen is a musician focused on experimental music. Depending on the context, his instrument of choice is either an acoustic guitar with preparations or an electric guitar accompanied by a backpack full of effects. Kääriäinen has performed in many European countries and at international festivals in the UK, Spain, and France. In addition to solo concerts, he regularly performs in various ensembles and has collaborated with musicians such as Teppo Hauta-Aho, Kalle Kalima, Harri Sjöström, Axel Dörner, Kriton Beyer, Camila Nebbia, Rieko Okuda, Anil Eraslan, Mikko Innanen, and Joel Grip. He has also premiered works by composers such as Riikka Talvitie, Sebastian Hilli, Sami Klemola, Clara de Asís, and Tytti Arola.  
[www.jukkakaariainen.com](http://www.jukkakaariainen.com)
