---
layout: post
title: "'Two to Five' Impro evening"
date: 2025-09-25T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-09-25T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-09-25T20:30:00+03:00
venue: "Äänen Lumo - Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4"
ics_file: "2025-09-25-31ij187m.ics"
created_date: 2025-09-12T18:18:11.000Z
---

Welcome to an evening of free improvisation, featuring the fabulous Kenneth Jimenez from New York City as our special guest!  
  
25.9. at 19. in Toinen Kerros (Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki)  
Free entry (suggested donation 5–15€)  
  
Who’s playing?  
  
Kenneth Jimenez is a bassist, composer and photographer from Costa Rica, currently based in New York City. Active in the international jazz and improvised music scene, he has collaborated with artists such as Dave Liebman, Angelica Sanchez, Tony Malaby and Gerald Cleaver, and has appeared at venues including the Kennedy Center, The Jazz Gallery and the National Theatre of Costa Rica. His quartet project Sonnet to Silence will release its debut album on WeJazz Records in 2023. Alongside his musical practice, he develops a strong visual language, recently presenting his award-winning photography project Verolís in Helsinki.  
  
Libero Mureddu is a pianist, improvisor, composer and music technologist. He designs unconventional performative spaces to enable the unexpected and innovative. Active in the European improvised music scene, among his current projects are his artistic research Embodied Algorithms and the murmur trio with Cristiano Calcagnile and Andrea Grossi. He teaches free and electroacoustic improvisation at the Sibelius Academy.  
  
Josefiina Vannesluoma is a jazz vocalist, flutist and improviser based in Helsinki. Her vocal agility and unique multi-genre compositions with her ensembles Mortal Lease and Signe have captivated audiences across Northern Europe. She draws inspiration from parks, cafés, the sounds of nature, and the music of languages.  
  
Jukka Kääriäinen is a musician focused on experimental music. His instruments range from prepared acoustic guitar to electric guitar with effects, depending on the situation. He has performed widely in Europe and at international festivals in the UK, Spain and France, and regularly collaborates with leading improvisers and contemporary composers, premiering works by Riikka Talvitie, Sebastian Hilli, Sami Klemola, Clara de Asís and Tytti Arola.  
  
Livia Schweizer is a flutist, improvisor, educator and artistic researcher based in Helsinki. She explores improvisation and non-conventional notation as tools for intercultural and interdisciplinary collaboration. Co-founder of Earth Ears Ensemble, she has premiered works by Tytti Arola, Mioko Yokoyama, Turkka Inkilä, Meriheini Luoto and more. She teaches at the International School of Helsinki and is a doctoral candidate at Uniarts, Sibelius Academy.
