---
layout: post
title: "Bloom & Gloom"
date: 2025-06-13T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2025-06-13T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2025-06-13T22:00:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2 - 4"
ics_file: "2025-06-13-qrv1es9v.ics"
created_date: 2025-06-01T19:16:39.000Z
---

Bloom & Gloom is an Äänen Lumo organised event that brings interesting sonic acts with various approaches to your ears from near and far. Come bask in the gloom and smell the flowers!  
  
Peter J. Woods (UK)  
OTOTOMY  
Sirpa Kalla  
GUNK  
  
Peter J. Woods is a scholar and artist with a deep interest in experimental music, DIY arts communities, and communal knowledge production. His work pulls equally from the worlds of harsh noise and absurdist theatre. The performances build a sense of terror from simple imagery, muted text and an unpredictable barrage of silence and sound. Woods utilizes these approaches within a critical context, building on his scholarly work to challenge oppressive formations embedded within the musical contexts he finds himself in.  
  
OTOTOMY is the noise project of East Helsinki–based artist Matti Närekangas, born out of frustration with music as a form of expression. For OTOTOMY, sound holds meaning regardless of how it’s made. Blending analog elements, unusual recordings, and digital manipulation, he crafts chaotic soundscapes inspired by Engelbert Humperdinck, flying squirrels, escalators, death, the fear of abandonment and the ecstasy from observation of life. OTOTOMY has self-released two EPs HARD2BEGOD (2022) and FAILURE (2024) as well as the split NO SUGAR (2024) with Sasanian.  
  
  
Sirpa Kalla was born in 2024 in Portugal, in the dunes of Adraga. She thrives on unintentionally generated sounds, the atmosphere of old industrial areas and the roughness and rasp of rust and debris. Sirpa Kalla cuts random loops from cassettes found in the streets and abandoned buildings, combining them with minimalist synths and contact mic'd objects.  
  
GUNK is a group that has been active since 2011, their performance usually consists of drones, metallic scraping and raw minimalism, all wrapped up into conceptual improvisation. This is their first performance since 2019. Their new album "Hard" will be out summer 2025.
