---
layout: post
title: "Improv at Hakasalmen huvila/Momentum: Mockūnas/Muruaga/Mustonen trio"
date: 2025-03-15T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2025-03-15T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2025-03-15T20:30:00+02:00
venue: "Hakasalmen Huvila"
address: "Mannerheimintie 13 B, 00100 Helsinki"
ics_file: "2025-03-15-m7lq6p6t.ics"
created_date: 2025-03-09T20:14:06.000Z
---

Momentumissa lyömäsoittaja Teemu Mustonen,   
kitaristi Gon Muruaga ja saksofonisti Liudas Mockūnas   
yhdistävät voimansa sähköistävään iltaan täynnä   
vapaata improvisaatiota ja äänikokeiluja.   
Mustonen luo kekseliäällä preparoidulla   
lyömäsoitinten käytöllään dynaamisia tekstuureja ja arvaamattomia rytmejä,   
kun taas Muruagan kitaransoitto yhdistelee jazzia,   
kokeellisia äänimaisemia ja aktiivista ilmaisullista energiaa.   
Mockūnas, yksi Euroopan jazz- ja improvisoidun musiikin johtavista äänistä,  
venyttää saksofonin soinnillisia ja dynaamisia rajoja.  
Yhdessä nämä kolme muusikkoa käyvät jatkuvasti kehittyvää   
musiikillista vuoropuhelua, jossa hienovarainen vuorovaikutus ja  
spontaani luominen johdattavat kuulijan vangitsevalle matkalle  
nykyaikaisen improvisaation maailmaan.  
  
[https://facebook.com/events/s/momentum-mockunasmuruagamuston/1046993397233107/](https://facebook.com/events/s/momentum-mockunasmuruagamuston/1046993397233107/)  
  
Artisteista  
  
Liudas Mockunas is a saxophonist, active in the European Jazz   
and improvised music scene as solo performer and co-leader of bands   
Pasborg - Mockunas Toxikum, Mockūnas-Mikalkėnas-Berre Trio,   
Mockūnas –Kanevičius-Tarasov Trio, Red Planet, Traffic Trio,   
duos with Marc Ducret, Barry Guy,  
Petras Geniusas, Christian Windfeld, Agusti Fernandez,   
Ryoji Hojito and Vladimir Tarasov.   
He is a member of Marc Ducret „Lady M“,   
Hugo Carvalhais Trio and quintet, Mikko Innanen „Inkvisitio“, etc.  
The creative interests of Mockūnas are focused on improvised and experimental music.   
He played with Piere Dorge’s New Jungle Orchestra,   
Andrew Hill&#39;s Jazz Par Octet, Copenhagen Art Ensemble,   
Mikko Innanen’s Inkvisitio, Barry Guy Orchestra,   
Ibrahim Electric, Agusti Fernandez, Marc Ducret, Mats Gustafsson,   
Burry Guy, Raymond Strid, Evan Parker, Frank Gratkowski,   
Peter Evans, Nate Wooley, Ottomo Yoshihide, Kazutoky Umezu,   
Akira Sakata, Ramon Lopez, Vladimir Chekasin,   
Jaak Sooaar, Jacob Anderskov, Jonas Westergaard, Mats Eilertsen,   
Hugo Carvalhais, Mario Costa, Michael Moore, Jakob Riis and others.  
Mockunas has a docent position at the Lithuanian Music Academy  
teaching free improvisation and jazz saxophone.  
He is one of the founders of Lithuanian Jazz Federation,   
record label „NoBusiness Records“ and improvised music program at  
Lithuanian Music Academy.   
For several years he‘s been curating a concert series and independed  
 record label in Vilnius dedicated to improvised music „Improdimensija“.  
[http://www.mic.lt/en/database/jazz/composers-artists/mockunas/](http://www.mic.lt/en/database/jazz/composers-artists/mockunas/)  
  
  
Teemu Mustonen is a percussionist based in Helsinki Finland.   
He has studied in jazz programs in Malmö and Sibelius Academy in Helsinki.   
Mustonen investigates the sonic possibilities of prepared percussions   
in context of free improvisation.   
Teemu has performed and recorded with variety of musicians in jazz   
and improvised music.   
The latest recording features him with   
Raoul Björkenheim, Mikko Innanen and Juhani Aaltonen.  
  
Gonzalo Muruaga Olguin is an Argentinian electric guitar player,  
 and improviser, active in the Helsinki and Tallinn artistic scene.  
His musical approach combines elements of jazz, free improvisation,   
experimental music, sound investigation,   
and interdisciplinary cooperation.
