---
layout: post
title: "Brusnika "
date: 2025-11-21T18:30:00+02:00
event_start: 2025-11-21T18:30:00+02:00
event_end: 2025-11-21T23:30:00+02:00
venue: "Äänen Lumo Second Floor"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4 Helsinki "
ics_file: "2025-11-21-4ep0q246.ics"
created_date: 2025-10-21T12:28:00.000Z
---

21.11.2025  
Äänen Lumo Second Floor, Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki  
At 19, Doors 18.30  
Pay what you can 5-10-15€, extra support 20€+  via Mobile Pay or PayPal  
(The instruction will be provided at the entrance)  
  
Brusnika, or lingonberry in English, offers a sonic vitamin portion in the middle of darkness. Come to escape the coldness and melt into electronic music experiments. Welcome to Brusnika!   
  
Sasha Wilde & Joni Judén  
  
Sasha Wilde is a Lithuanian-born artist whose journey has taken them from a small-town childhood to 15 formative years in London, and now to a home in Helsinki. Sasha’s ritualistic sound & performance practice moves between alt-pop songwriting, electronic experimental music & sound art. Their soaring, visceral voice anchors the performance, shifting between tender melodic lines, extended vocal techniques with raw, guttural exclamations & spoken samples. It’s live audio essay meets avant-pop gig meets queer surreal avantgarde.  
  
Artist collaboration has enabled Sasha’s practice to span a variety of mediums, leading to international performances and residencies, composing sound for films, and publishing their writing and translations. Their work has been featured and presented internationally at the ICA, Somerset House, Glastonbury Festival, GirlsInFilm, Promo TV, Iklectik, Strangers Press (UK), OUT magazine (USA), IRCAM forum Centre Pompidou (FR), Lithuanian National TV, Kaunas Artists’ House, Kreivės film festival, Sapfo festival, Opus Radio (LT), and others.   
  
At Brusnika, Sasha will be joined by Joni Judén   
  
Joni Judén  (he/him b.2.9.1980) is an artist, musician & producer, an AiR coordinator and host. Joni is the co-founder of TUO TUO, an artist-led project space & residency, as well as the head of its affiliate record label, True Aether. Over the past 20+years under different aliases (Celestial Trax, Visions of Trees, Sisilisko, Linnuissa, et al.) Joni has explored the intersection of electronic music and human(e) expression, delving deep into collage-like textural soundscapes and sonic storytelling. Between 2000-2017 Joni resided in London and New York, where he worked in collaboration with contemporary artists  and collectives, including Rinse (UK), PTP (USA), Quay Dash (NYC), On The Sly (USA), Amniote Editions (DK) and DisFig (Berlin). Joni has performed and toured widely, including performances at MoMA PS1 (NYC), Glastonbury festival (UK), Roundhouse (London), Berghain (Berlin) and SXSW (USA). Joni’s music has been featured and reviewed by the likes of Pitchfork, The Wire, Resident Advisor, NPR Music and BBC Radio 6 (UK). Joni is one half of Death by Landscape, an experimental music group with Victor Gogly.  
  
Ana Gutieszca  
  
Ana Gutieszca is a visual & sound artist born in the dry lands of the northern Mexican plateau. Her music is rough as the desert, combining hypnotic brain-melting noise from self-made analogs and brutal techno beats from drum machines. She is also known for being one of the creative minds behind Äänitaiteen Seura, an artist-run venue in Helsinki dedicated to contemporary sound art.  
  
EILIEN  
  
Experimental ambient pop with coded sounds and ethereal vocals. It’s been a while since the release of Eilien’s debut album **Digital Lovers**  (2021): a *10-track trip through glowing ambience, mesmerising dream pop, musique concrète and deconstructed trance* as described by DJ MAG. In 2025 there is less digital daydreaming and more contemplation over the darkness and fragility of our time.  
  
Lumi Mannermaa  
  
Lumi Mannermaa is a sound artist based in Helsinki who works between the realms of failure and success, using absurdity as a medium for communication. In her practice she uses augmented toy instruments, free improvisation, pataphysical conceptuality and modern day nuisances, such as social media content streams, covering subjects such as mistake, the subconscious, and the ugly and humorous, to name few.   
  
[https://soundcloud.com/lumi-mannermaa](https://soundcloud.com/lumi-mannermaa)  
  
Alya Grad   
  
Alya Grad is Helsinki-based sound designer and electronic music artist. Touched by industrial tones, the sonic signature of Alya Grad unifies softness and sharpness, blending noises and rhythms into layered dreamlike stories. Alya is currently working on her first upcoming album. She will open the evening with an introduction set specially designed for Brusnika.  
  
[https://soundcloud.com/alyagrad](https://soundcloud.com/alyagrad)  
  
Practical information:  
  
Brusnika and the Äänen Lumo space follow the safer space guidelines. Please read: [https://todellisuus.fi/turvallisemmantilanperiaatteet/](https://todellisuus.fi/turvallisemmantilanperiaatteet/)  
Children are welcome with adults, please use the noise-cancelling headphones/ earmuffs for children  
Regular earplugs for adults will be provided by Brusnika  
Doors 18.30. The event starts around 19, with a short breaks between sets.  
Payment instruction will be provided at the entrance, all money will be distributed to the artists  
The address is: Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki, 2nd floor. Once you are in the space, go past the Playhouse bar, and follow the Äänen Lumo signs on the walls & doors.  
Unfortunately the space is currently not fully accessible. There is a possibility for accessible entrance via the elevator from the backyard door, but there are no accessible toilets. For more details please see the information about the space or contact me or Äänen Lumo: [https://aanenlumo.com/toinen-kerros/new-space/](https://aanenlumo.com/toinen-kerros/new-space/)  
  
Other event details:  
  
Brusnika will try to serve some non-alcoholic drinks. You’re welcome to bring your own beverages. Please, stay responsible, take care of yourself and others around you
