---
layout: post
title: "Written & Experimental 2"
date: 2026-03-21T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2026-03-21T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2026-03-21T20:30:00+02:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2–4, 00510 Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-03-21-o0k2m4i4.ics"
created_date: 2026-03-08T18:19:32.000Z
---

Welcome to an evening where composed music and improvisation meet in celebration of new creation, experimentation, and artistic openness.  
Experience a night of exploratory sound, bold ideas, and outstanding international performers, where curious minds gather and music unfolds in unexpected ways.  
  
Location: Toinen Kerros, Nokiantie 2-4, 00510 Helsinki (Second floor)  
Date: March 21, 2026  
Time: 19:00 (Doors at 18:00)  
Entrance: Voluntary donation (suggested 10 €)  
  
Performers:  
Mark Reid Bulatović  
Guitarist and composer from Slovenia and Scotland. His work explores ecology, intimacy, and ritual. A Sibelius Academy graduate, he has performed internationally at festivals including Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival, Edinburgh Fringe, Musica Nova, and R.A.W Shanghai.  
  
Haiyun Yu  
Multidisciplinary artist, guitarist, and producer from Suzhou, China. Her work explores cultural heritage, ecology, and identity through sound, language, and performance. A Finland Scholarship recipient, she holds a master’s degree from the Sibelius Academy in Arts Management, with studies in Music Technology and Sound Art.  
  
Heliä Mailiis Viirakivi  
Finnish vocalist, flutist, improviser, and composer working in new and experimental music. Blending extended techniques, folk influences, and classical singing, she creates expressive, detail-driven performances across Europe.  
  
Gon Muruaga Olguin  
Argentinian electric guitarist, improviser, and composer active in the Nordic and Baltic experimental scenes. His work spans jazz, free improvisation, and electroacoustic music. He collaborates widely and works in music technology at Neural DSP.  
  
Robert Fleitz  
Pianist and composer known for dynamic, genre-crossing performances. Appearing internationally, he is a passionate advocate for new music and a recipient of the Pro Musicis International Award and the André Boucourechliev Prize. His work explores queer ecology, technology, and human connection.
