---
layout: post
title: "SOMETHING ELSE vol. 12 | García/Rosales/Smith"
date: 2026-03-26T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2026-03-26T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2026-03-26T21:00:00+02:00
venue: "Musta Kissa"
address: "Toinen Linja 15, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-03-26-6a39lbu5.ics"
created_date: 2026-03-09T17:38:00.000Z
---

SE12 highlights cross-currents of jazz, folk, song, and free improvisation bridging Kallio as far as the Andes, with Chilean jazz pianist and composer Luciana García and Argentinian guico player/guitarist/songwriter Manu Rosales alongside cellist/multi-instrumentalist Wilson Tanner Smith (US/FI).  
  
Free entry, suggested donation €5-€25 (mobilepay or cash)  
2 sets  
7pm  
  
SOMETHING ELSE is a concert series for improvised music focused on new meetings of musicians from across Helsinki's free improv, experimental, jazz, electronic, and global music scenes, hosted on the 4th Thursday of each month at Kallio's Musta Kissa bar. New small-ensemble groupings--often first-time meetings of the musicians--are highlighted each time, with an emphasis on surprise, difference, curiosity, energy, and connection. Curated/hosted by Wilson Tanner Smith.  
  
//  
  
About:  
LUCIANA GARCÍA is a Chilean pianist, visionary composer, improviser, and doctorate researcher from Santiago de Chile, based in Helsinki, renowned for their innovative fusion of contemporary jazz and Latin American roots. Luciana channels their passion for social justice into their music, using it as a powerful platform for inspiring change and fostering community connections. With each performance and project, García weaves deep cultural narratives that reflect their commitment to equity and transformation.  
[linktr.ee/lucianagarciamusic](http://linktr.ee/lucianagarciamusic)  
  
MANU ROSALES is an Argentinian composer, producer, and songwriter. His work is shaped by his passion for the diverse musical traditions of South America. His musicality resonates with the strong cosmopolitan life of Buenos Aires while delving into the vast musical landscapes of the Andean region and Brazil. Moving fluidly between these influences, his music embodies a dynamic interplay between the local and the global, reflecting his root in the song tradition from Buenos Aires and his explorations across borders.  
[linktr.ee/manurosalesmusico](http://linktr.ee/manurosalesmusico)  
[manurosales.com](http://manurosales.com)  
  
WILSON TANNER SMITH is a cellist, composer, improviser, and theatre artist currently based in Helsinki. His musical sensibility is informed by free improvisation/free jazz, ambient, DIY and found sounds, and by many cross-cultural/-genre collaborations in his former hometown, Chicago, and more recently across northern/western Europe.  
[www.wilsontannersmith.com](http://www.wilsontannersmith.com)
