---
layout: post
title: "Rahina-klubi: Three Angles to solo improvisation"
date: 2026-03-09T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2026-03-09T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2026-03-09T20:30:00+02:00
venue: "Rahina-klubi, Merihaka Kylätupa"
address: "Haapaniemenkatu 14, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-03-09-089ks54h.ics"
created_date: 2026-02-26T16:22:25.000Z
---

Rahina-klubi: Three angles  
  
Three different perspectives on improvised solo performance.  
  
Lauri Hyvärinen - electric guitar  
  
Lauri Hyvärinen has been playing electric guitar in various contexts of improvised and experimental music for a while now, performing here and there, but not everywhere. At Rahina club in March, Hyvärinen will present novel solo concepts that feel intimate, strange and fascinating at the same time. Using standard guitar equipment, he searches for a language of cracks, fissures and fractures, where noise and pitch, dissonance and consonance, tension and eruption potentially blur.  
  
Melik Turunen - synthesizer  
  
Melik Turunen is a musician based in Helsinki. He works in many styles of music, performing mostly on either bass, synthesizer or melodica. For the Club Rahina concert, he will present a freely improvised set, utilizing a hybrid setup of analog and digital realms.  
  
Vesa Lehko - saxophone  
  
Vesa Lehko is interested in exploring the boundaries of music and various sound phenomena through woodwind instruments, found sounds and objects.  
He is particularly interested in moving through the boundaries of sound materials using new playing techniques. In his playing, he explores how silence slips into noise, timbre grows into melody or how melody disappears into sound textures.  
  
Free entry. Voluntary donation 0-10e (mobilepay).  
Warmly wellcome!  
  
Merihaka Kylätupa, Haapaniemenkatu 14, Helsinki  
Monday 09.03.2026  7 pm  
  
[https://fb.me/e/5F9vYC898](https://fb.me/e/5F9vYC898)
