---
layout: post
title: "Rahina-klubi: Written and Experimental vol3"
date: 2026-04-29T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2026-04-29T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2026-04-29T20:30:00+03:00
venue: "Kylätupa, Merihaka"
address: "Haapaniemenkatu 14, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-04-29-dqguftho.ics"
created_date: 2026-04-16T16:37:30.000Z
---

Robert Fleitz - pno  
Heliä Mailiis Viirakivi - flute, voc  
Gon Muruaga Olguin - electric guitar  
  
Welcome to an evening where composed music and improvisation meet in celebration of new creation, experimentation, and artistic openness.  
Experience a night of exploratory sound, bold ideas, and outstanding international performers, where curious minds gather and music unfolds in unexpected ways.  
  
  
Robert Fleitz is a pianist and composer known for dynamic, genre-crossing performances. Appearing internationally, he is a passionate advocate for new music and a recipient of the Pro Musicis International Award and the André Boucourechliev Prize. His work explores queer ecology, technology, and human connection.  
  
Heliä Mailiis Viirakivi, a Finnish vocalist, flutist, improviser, and composer working in new and experimental music. By blending flute extended techniques to folk influences, and classical singing, she creates expressive, detail-driven performances across Europe.  
  
Gon Muruaga Olguin is an Argentinian electric guitarist, improviser, and composer active in the Nordic and Baltic experimental scenes. His work spans jazz, free improvisation, and electroacoustic music. He collaborates widely and works in music technology at Neural DSP.  
  
19:00 (Doors at 18:30)  
Free entry, voluntary donation (suggested 10-15 €)  
Warm welcome!  
Arrival instructions in the comments.  
Supported by the City of Helsinki.  
  
[https://fb.me/e/3RKRZWo4B](https://fb.me/e/3RKRZWo4B)
