---
layout: post
title: "Syklit jotka puhkeavat"
date: 2026-05-09T17:30:00+03:00
event_start: 2026-05-09T17:30:00+03:00
event_end: 2026-05-09T21:00:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, 00510 Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-05-09-nd0j142p.ics"
created_date: 2026-05-05T06:15:12.000Z
---

This evening is a celebration for Mikko Sarvanne’s solo EP release “syklit jotka puhkeavat”. In addition to their own performance, Mikko has invited Lumi Mannermaa and Mikael Karkkonen to perform live. An animation film “ryppy” by Oona Pennanen and Mikko Sarvanne will have its public premiere.   
  
Welcome!!!  
  
Doors: 17:30  
Showtime: 18:00  
Pay what you can: 5€ / 10€ / 15€  
  
Toinen Kerros  
Nokiantie 2-4, 00510 Helsinki  
  
MIKKO SARVANNE  
  
For composer Mikko Sarvanne, music reveals places: abstract, invisible spaces of harmony, and tangible, physical spaces that are constructed in real time through performance. On ”syklit jotka puhkeavat” (eng: ”cycles that blossom”) EP, Sarvanne invites stones, water and sandpaper to shape a space of cycles, blossoms and glowing pillars of resonance.   
  
[https://mikkosarvanne.com](https://mikkosarvanne.com)  
@mikkosarvane  
  
LUMI MANNERMAA  
  
Lumi Mannermaa is a sound artist based in Helsinki who works between the realms of failure and success, using absurdity as a medium for communication. In her practice she uses augmented toy instruments, free improvisation, experimental instrument building, pataphysical conceptuality and modern day nuisances, such as social media content streams, covering subjects such as mistakes, the subconscious, and the ugly and humorous, to name a few.  
  
[https://soundcloud.com/lumi-mannermaa](https://soundcloud.com/lumi-mannermaa)   
@lu__ae  
  
MIKAEL KARKKONEN  
  
"Mikael Karkkonen trying to regulate their heartbeat in front of an audience for approximately fifteen minutes"  
  
Mikael is a playwright, dramaturg and producer. Their artistic work moves across theatre, performance and media art. In recent years, they've worked extensively as a writer, dramaturg and producer—both independently and as part of collaborative teams.   
At present, they're interested in works that play with the contractual nature of performance and its structure. They're particularly drawn to performance as a social event, and how the internet and technology might be integrated into live work.  
  
[https://mikaelkarkkonen.fi](https://mikaelkarkkonen.fi)  
@miksumu  
  
"ryppy" is a short animation of stones and sandpaper, by Oona Pennanen and Mikko Sarvanne. Oona Pennanen is an artist working with moving image and body. Past few years they have focused on editing documentaries and playing around in low-threshold collaborative moments. They are fascinated by the quiet humor of everyday life.
