---
layout: post
title: "MENTAL ALASKA: ARRINGTON DE DIONYSO (USA), HUR HUR, 3RD ENCOUNTER"
date: 2026-05-20T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2026-05-20T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2026-05-20T22:00:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-05-20-jcb26hbn.ics"
created_date: 2026-04-29T19:19:41.000Z
---

MENTAL ALASKA presents:  
AN EVENING WITH ARRINGTON DE DIONYSO  
  
Live:  
  
Arrington De Dionyso (USA)  
Hur Hur  
3rd Encounter - Schweizer / Halme / Inkilä  
  
Toinen Kerros, Nokiantie 2-4 Helsinki  
Wednesday 20th May 19.00-22.00  
Tickets 15/10 EUR  
  
*******************************************  
  
An uncompromising voice in contemporary music, ARRINGTON DE DIONYSO integrates ancient soundmaking techniques with trans-modernist inquiries into the nature of consciousness. His propulsive improvisations utilize voice and reeds as multiphonic tools blazing through the liminal spaces between shamanic seance and rock and roll ecstasy. In 1995 he founded the genre destroying No Wave Gospel band Old Time Relijun, releasing albums on K Records. In 2009 he created Malaikat dan Singa (“Angels and Lions”), a powerful new project integrating aggressive dancehall rhythms with gamelan scales, using the Indonesian language to interpret the mystic poetry of William Blake.  
  
HUR HUR is the solo project started in 2012 by multidisciplinary artist Timo Viialainen. It is based on the experimental use of an electroacoustic alto hurdy gurdy. This drone based instrument is mostly used in folk music, but used here to create an immersive wall of sound that also contains hints of melodic repetitive parts and rhythms. The live performances are an intense mix of slowly building compositional pieces and improvisation. Hur Hur has performed at various festivals and events in Europe and North America.  
  
3RD ENCOUNTER is the trio of Livia Schweizer, Hepa Halme & Turkka Inkilä. They explore the frequencies of flutes and different wind instruments, sometimes augmented with electronics.  
  
[https://www.facebook.com/events/1564980057903186](https://www.facebook.com/events/1564980057903186)
