---
layout: post
title: "SOMETHING ELSE vol. 11 | Aarnio/Correa/Smith"
date: 2026-02-26T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2026-02-26T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2026-02-26T21:00:00+02:00
venue: "Musta Kissa"
address: "Suonionkatu 1"
ics_file: "2026-02-26-a4n7k9pq.ics"
created_date: 2026-02-02T16:10:59.000Z
---

Flutes, winds, voices, and strings drift into Musta Kissa for the 11th edition of Something Else, featuring a new trio meeting of Chilean–Italian flutist Constanza García Correa, globe-trotting Finnish-area native vocalist Teea Aarnio, and cellist Wilson Tanner Smith.  
  
Free entry, suggested donation €10-€50 (mobilepay or cash)  
2 sets  
7pm  
  
SOMETHING ELSE is a concert series for improvised music focused on new meetings of musicians from across Helsinki's free improv, experimental, jazz, electronic, and global music scenes, hosted on the 4th Thursday of each month at Kallio's Musta Kissa bar. New small-ensemble groupings--often first-time meetings of the musicians--are highlighted each time, with an emphasis on surprise, difference, curiosity, energy, and connection. Curated/hosted by Wilson Tanner Smith.  
  
//  
  
About:  
  
TEEA AARNIO is a global-facing Helsinki based vocalist, song weaver, sound designer, composer, and interdisciplinary artist. Her main area is the art of song, also in an improvised form. Her works draws inspiration from the various spaces in between different worlds, decolonial processes, and the wide experience that she holds from working with different art forms (dance, new theatre, contemporary art) and with sound therapy. She has previously worked in Helsinki Soundpainting Ensemble and collaborated with artists such as Marita Liulia, Risto Ylihärsilä and Wilhelmina Ojanen. Her trilingual folk fusion debut album ‘Väki’ has received international praise and interest. She’s currently studying at the Global Music program in the Sibelius Academy.  
[teeaaarnio.com](http://teeaaarnio.com)  
  
CONSTANZA GARCÍA CORREA is a Chilean–Italian flutist and South American wind player whose essence lies in the exploration of sound and the phenomenon of timbre. Her identity unfolds through the juxtaposition of Andean and Afro musical traditions, engaging in a constant dialogue between cultures. She lives music as a vital bridge to other disciplines and as a reflection of her diverse, ever-evolving soul in constant search of resonance.  
[www.instagram.com/constanza.gc.musica](http://www.instagram.com/constanza.gc.musica)  
  
WILSON TANNER SMITH is a cellist, composer, improviser, and theatre artist currently based in Helsinki. His musical sensibility is informed by free improvisation/free jazz, ambient, DIY and found sounds, and by many cross-cultural/-genre collaborations in his former hometown, Chicago, and more recently across northern/western Europe.  
[www.wilsontannersmith.com](http://www.wilsontannersmith.com)
