---
layout: post
title: "Suhina Klubi: Fuhrmann, Schweizer & Sirkiä"
date: 2026-04-16T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2026-04-16T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2026-04-16T21:00:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-04-16-lui3usuq.ics"
created_date: 2026-03-18T05:27:01.000Z
---

Suhina Klubi is a periodic concert series focused on improvised sound art. The club has been organized in Helsinki since 2018, with the aim of creating an intersection between artists searching for new modes of expression and a curious, open-minded audience. Suhina Klubi presents both established Finnish and international artists and also provides performance opportunities for previously unheard-of ensembles.  
  
Annika Fuhrmann, Livia Schweizer & Annika Johanna Sirkiä  
  
two Annikas and one Livia,  
two wind instruments and one voice,  
two high-pitched and one low,  
two dual citizens and one mono,  
two countries of residence and one common language,  
two salmiac lovers and one chocolate,  
three individual sounds and one band.  
  
ANNIKA FUHRMANN (she/her) is a German-Finnish singer, musician, and sound artist who thrives in the fields of experimental music theatre, sound art, and improvisation. She has been described as "a vocal artist who pushes the boundaries of singing" and is "captivating the audience with her intense performance." (Rondo) Fuhrmann has performed at festivals such as Tokyo Wonder Site Experimental, London Grimeborn Festival of New Opera, Musica Nova, Helsinki Contemporary Opera Festival and Helsinki Festival and is currently supported by the Kordelin foundation.  
  
LIVIA SCHWEIZER (she/her) is a Italian-Swiss flutist, improvisor, educator and artistic researcher based in Helsinki, known for her interest in improvisation and non-conventional music notation as a tool of bringing together creative souls from different backgrounds and cultures. A member of the European Composers Improvisers Orchestra and a founding member of the Earth Ears Ensemble, she has performed at festivals such as Luosto Soi, Hiljaisuus Festival and Musica Nova Helsinki, Jauna Muzika, Suoni Inauditi and SoundScapes Berlin and has been part of the music group for the Kjelvikspillet 2024 in Norway.  
  
ANNIKA JOHANNA SIRKIÄ (she/her) is a Finnish tuba player, performer, improviser and composer who is based in Lucerne (CH) and Helsinki (FI). Annika is a versatile musician who actively searches for different styles and formats. She plays in various projects throughout Switzerland, in bands such as L'Orage Overload, Insub Meta Orchestra, Superband, onvoi exceptionnel and Duo gundw. In Finland, Annika plays in various experimental and free improvisation ensembles and has performed at festivals such as Outsider Art Festival, Telakka Jazz, B-Sides Festival, unerhört and Liechtensteiner Jazztage.  
  
Event is supported by Kone Foundation.
