---
layout: post
title: "Rahina Club: Four Angles"
date: 2026-03-20T18:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2026-03-20T18:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2026-03-20T22:00:00+02:00
venue: "TOINEN KERROS"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, 2. krs, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-03-20-o8590sun.ics"
created_date: 2026-02-28T12:46:07.000Z
---

Rahina Club: Four Angles  
A concert that presents four different approaches to improvisation.  
  
Solo works are performed by Antti Tolvi and Lumi Mannermaa.   
Duo Hornantuutti combines old and new in their improvisations.   
Trio K-L-R operates with composed structures.  
  
Lumi Mannermaa is a sound artist based in Helsinki who works between the realms of failure and success, using absurdity as a medium for communication. In her practice she uses augmented toy instruments, free improvisation, experimental instrument building, pataphysical conceptuality and modern day nuisances, such as social media content streams, covering subjects such as mistake, the subconscious, and the ugly and humorous, to name a few.  
  
[https://soundcloud.com/lumi-mannermaa](https://soundcloud.com/lumi-mannermaa)  
Instagram: @lu__ae  
_____________________________________  
  
Antti Tolvi (1977 Panelia) is a sound artist and performer from Turku/Kemiönsaari.  
  
Tolvi's works have begun to take shape more as multi-sensory installations, spatial experiences and performances, in which sounds still play a central role. In the works, sounds have changed to a visual form, Tolvi has composed for wind breezes (multi-channel fan system), body sensations (sound beds/sofas), touch (1-1 performances), lights (as a light composer), etc.  
  
Tolvi's artistic practice has focused solely on listening for over 20 years. Solely listening does not mean listening with just the ears, but listening with the whole being, both the inside and outside of the body. The practice of listening also inextricably includes the practice of relaxation. It is very difficult for us to listen openly if our minds are fixed somewhere. In other words, the practice explores human nature while being aware of the specifics of space and form.  
[www.anttitolvi.com](http://www.anttitolvi.com)  
______________________________________  
  
Hornantuutti  
  
Duo Hornantuutti was  founded by two musicians from Helsinki, Katja Lamberg and Assi Karttunen. In their playing they combine old and new repertoires with free improvisation.  
  
Assi Karttunen: organetto, keyboards  
Katja Lamberg: synthesizers, vocals  
  
_______________________________________  
  
  
K-L-R  
  
In the K-L-R trio's free-playing music the sounds produced in different ways are combined into weaves that find their place in composed structures.  
  
J. Koho approaches sound, sound sources, instruments and playing according to the situation. His work is often inspired by the wonder of sounds and the joy they bring.  
  
Vesa Lehko is interested in exploring the boundaries of music and various sound phenomena through woodwinds, found sounds and objects.  
  
Juha Rautio plays improvised music on the electric guitar and approaches music with a hat of poetry and general avant-gardism in his hand.  
  
The members of the trio have performed at various events and venues focused on experimental music, such as Asbestos Art Space, Kaekuu Festival, Käpylän lippakioski, Kalevan Erikoinen, Pertin Valinta, Rahina-klubi, Pethaus and Yö Galleria.  
  
Voluntary admission fee for musicians 0-10e via Mobilepay.  
Warmly wellcome!  
  
TOINEN KERROS, Nokiantie 2-4,  Helsinki  
Friday 20.03.2026 6 pm  
  
[https://fb.me/e/5Gaj5vmly](https://fb.me/e/5Gaj5vmly)
