---
layout: post
title: "The Pianisti Who Did It All"
date: 2026-01-30T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2026-01-30T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2026-01-30T21:00:00+02:00
venue: "Organo Hall, Musiikkitalo"
address: "Mannerheimintie 13 A, 00100 Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-01-30-ra5b7qr9.ics"
created_date: 2026-01-18T18:56:53.000Z
---

Helga Karen's fifth doctoral concert dives into the multiple facets of the pianist's role and its progression through the development of post-tonal and avant-garde music. In this concert Helga recaps her whole journey through her doctoral studies by observing how the compositional styles of the three composers that were the research target of Helga's five artistic components (Stockhausen, Boulez, Feldman) changed throughout their compositional paths and inquiring how the pianist has changed throughout the whole research process. This concert shows two inspirations: Anton Webern as an inspiration to the post-tonal composers of the 1950s and Stockhausen’s Klavierstück IX as an inspiration for Helga Karen’s doctoral research. The Pianist Who Did It All offers a full-circle personal, artistic and research moment and invites the audience to experience the immersive sounds of serialism, post-tonal precision, strictness and silence for the last time…at least for now.  
  
Helga Karenin viides ja viimeinen jatkotutkintokonsertti käsittelee pianistin monimuotoisia rooleja post-tonaalisen musiikin maailmassa. Tässä konsertissa Helga esittelee kaikki mahdolliset pianistin roolit, joita hän on kohdannut ja tutkinut koko tutkimusprojektinsa aikana. Konsertissa pianisti on vähän kaikkea: muusikko, näyttelijä, matemaatikko, tutkija, kuuntelija, hiljaisuuden ja nuottikuvan palvelija ja lopuksi, vihdoinkin, oma itsensä.  
  
Program/Ohjelma:  
Anton Webern: Variations for Piano op.27  
Karlheinz Stockhausen: Klavierstücke IX, XIV  
Pierre Boulez: Une page d’éphémeride  
Morton Feldman: Piano Piece 1952, Piano Piece 1963 (to Philip Guston)  
Helga Karen, piano  
  
Free entry!
