---
layout: post
title: " Space talk! Where to from here? Past and future of Toinen Kerros "
date: 2026-05-17T16:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2026-05-17T16:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2026-05-17T22:00:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-05-17-37sp6qfc.ics"
created_date: 2026-05-07T09:23:20.000Z
---

Have you found the space valuable for the sonic arts community? Do you want to see it continue? Please join us in this discussion, we want to hear from you! Your support and presence is essential for us to understand how to continue our collective work  
  
Now we are starting our third and final year of Kone Foundation support. As we approach this milestone, we would like to have an honest conversation about the sustainability of our project, our resources, and our volunteer network.  
  
The questions that we would like to answer together are:  
Is this space valuable for the communities? When the Kone Foundation grant ends, would it be possible to continue? Could this be a space shared by many organizations or individuals? What are the limits and possibilities of running a space communally?  
  
Whether you have enjoyed the past couple of years or are concerned about the future of the space, and more in general about the shrinking of spaces and resources for arts, your voice is really important. Come share your thoughts on the challenges, options, risks, and possibilities that lie ahead.  
  
Afterwards we would like to invite you for a collective jam. Feel free to bring your own instruments if you wish to perform as well!  
  
There will also be performances offered by Andrea Mancianti, Heu Hsu & Sulo Kolehmainen (magnetic objects / electronics) and Libero Mureddu and more. Thank you and save the date!  
Time: 17.5. at 16.00  
Place: Toinen Kerros (Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki)  
  
[https://aanenlumo.com/2026/04/23/17-5-space-talk-where-to-from-here-past-and-future-of-toinen-kerros/](https://aanenlumo.com/2026/04/23/17-5-space-talk-where-to-from-here-past-and-future-of-toinen-kerros/)
