---
layout: post
title: "Bloom & Gloom # 3"
date: 2026-08-03T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2026-08-03T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2026-08-03T22:00:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2 - 4"
ics_file: "2026-08-03-6mdn505e.ics"
created_date: 2026-07-22T18:46:30.000Z
---

Bloom & Gloom is here again, this time for the 3rd and quite possibly for the last time!  
  
Lauren Sarah Hayes (UK/SL)  
Lauri Hyvärinen / Sulo Kolehmainen  
Matti Luokkanen / Heliä Mailis Viirakivi  
  
  
In the 3rd of August, we will present performances from Lauren Sarah Hayes, a Scottish improviser and a sound artist, who has gained recognition for her embodied approach to computer music. Her music is a mix of experimental pop/live electronics/techno/noise/free improvisation and has been described as ‘voracious’ and ‘exhilarating’.  
  
Additionally 2 duos will perform, both of them performing together for the very first time. Lauri Hyvärinen & Sulo Kolehmainen have been aware of each other for a number of years, and despite the occasional aesthetic overlap, they have never played together. Whether the encounter will be an austere but an awkward train wreck, an assault of tiny needle pricks to the eardrums or a pile of flaming garbage inside a zen monastery, remains to be seen. Mostly likely the result will include all of the above.  
  
As the second duo of the evening we will experience an intriguing encounter of wind player Matti Luokkanen and vocalist/flutist Heliä Mailis Viirakivi. The prior has a strong background playing free jazz with various people for more than a decade, including in the band Fogelbörs. The latter is well versed in often folk influenced extended vocal and instrumental techniques, and has performed in various interdisciplinary and contemporary productions all over Europe. What brings the duo together is a strong backbone in improvisation and their love for playful spontaneity. The resulting intersection will be lovely jazzy place in space and time.
