---
layout: post
title: "Rahina-klubi: Two duos  "
date: 2026-03-23T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2026-03-23T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2026-03-23T20:30:00+02:00
venue: "Rahina-klubi, Kylätupa, Merihaka"
address: "Haapaniemenkatu 14, Helsinki 00530"
ics_file: "2026-03-23-s02httrg.ics"
created_date: 2026-02-26T16:26:34.000Z
---

Rahina club no#39 presents two new improvising duos.   
  
Livia Schweizer - flute & Sergio Castrillon - cello  
Jukka Kääriäinen - guitar & Johannes Sarjasto - saxophone  
  
Four musicians, who are distinguished in their own right, have been planning to launch these duo improvisation projects for a long time. Now the stars and calendars are aligning and both projects will premiere at Rahina club on Monday 23 March.  
  
Free entry. Voluntary donation 0-10e (mobilepay)  
Warmly wellcome!  
  
[https://fb.me/e/itLD6tRLA](https://fb.me/e/itLD6tRLA)  
  
//////////////  
  
Livia Schweizer  is a flutist, improvisor, educator and artistic researcher based in Helsinki.  
She has a strong interest towards improvisation and multidisciplinary collaborations with possibilities to create an inclusive space for individual voices from different cultures and disciplines to emerge, merge, and give life to exciting artistic results.  
  
  
Sergio Castrillon, composer, academic researcher and educator, is also a classically trained cello performer highly interested in multidisciplinary projects, mainly focused on experimentalism and improvisation. As improviser, he is constantly developing projects within diverse music territories and genres, collaborating with different performing and visual artists, and exploring the practice of improvisation in the fields of artistic research and science.  
  
   
Johannes Sarjasto is a saxophonist who has played a wide variety of music over the years. He has been involved in different bands and projects ranging from jazz to Afrobeat, experimental music, and free improvisation. At the moment, he plays actively with Oiro Pena, whose music has been described as underground, outsider, and low-quality folk music, but also as energetic, cosmic, and spiritually warm.  
  
  
Jukka Kääriäinen is a musician focused on experimental music. Jukka's instruments are acoustic guitar with preparations or electric guitar and a backpack of effects, depending on the situation. In addition to solo concerts, he regularly performs in bands and has collaborated with musicians such as Teppo Hauta-Aho, Kalle Kalima, Harri Sjöström, Axel Dörner, Kriton Beyer, Rieko Okuda, Tony Buck, Mikko Innanen and Lauri Hyvärinen and has premiered works by composers such as Riikka Talvitie, Sebastian Hilli, Sami Klemola, Clara de Asis, and Tytti Arola.
