---
layout: post
title: "ARTSY AFTERNOON"
date: 2026-04-28T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2026-04-28T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2026-04-28T22:00:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-04-28-foas4i30.ics"
created_date: 2026-04-02T07:09:19.000Z
---

ARTSY AFTERNOON - Artsy Records presents:  
  
CHIK WHITE (CA)  
SLICE / LISA HOLMÉN / MONIA KIMARA  
AMON DÜDE  
  
Toinen Kerros, Nokiantie 2-4 HKI  
Tiistaina 28.4. klo 19-22  
Liput 15 / 10e (varallisuuden mukaan)  
  
***************************  
chik white is the alias of Nova Scotia-based artist and improviser Darcy Spidle. While best known for his work with the jew's harp, his practice has expanded to include voice, nose flutes, horns, harmonica, guitar, and video. He has released numerous albums on international labels such as Kraak, Notice, Feeding Tube, Full Spectrum, Chocolate Monk, and Sound Holes. His collaborators include Bill Nace, Xuan Ye, Colin Fisher, Daniel Tapper, Naomi McCarroll-Butler, Chad VanGaalan, Sam Shalabi, and Bekah Simms.  
Slice, Lisa Holmén and Monia Kimara play noise together with various instruments, languages, improvised voice, good food and fresh spring spirit. Expect madness, hilarity and boisterous tones. The group assembles for the first time together in the form of the triangle with their backgrounds from multiple musical groups, visual arts, performance art and dance.  
Amon Düde's music used to be high-tempo cut-up tape collage. He utilizes collapsing cassette players, carefully crafted tape collages and obsolete effect devices. He is a kind of a full body theremin, as every vibration of the body has a direct effect on the music. The same goes also the other way, the sounds in turn guiding the body movements. With tapes, coincidence always has a huge role. The decaying equipment and aging human body also play a key role. Amon Düde manages to create a unique balance of razorsharp dynamics and slapstick humour.
