---
layout: post
title: "Jaakko Arola, Salóme Katrin & Tumi Torfason"
date: 2026-06-03T19:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2026-06-03T19:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2026-06-03T21:00:00+03:00
venue: "Lapinlahden Lähde (Venetsia Building / Sininen huone)"
address: "Lapinlahdenpolku 8, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-06-03-eh3r79lu.ics"
created_date: 2026-05-10T05:39:55.000Z
---

Welcome to the opening concert of Interkult’s summer season at Lapinlahden Lähde, where bass clarinetist Jaakko Arola will be joined by two Icelandic artists: singer Salóme Katrin and trumpeter Tumi Torfason.  
  
Jaakko met both artists while residing in Reykjavik in 2025, where he collaborated with them in duo formations. At Lapinlahti, Jaakko, Salóme and Tumi will perform together as a trio for the very first time in a fully improvised concert.  
  
The evening also serves as the Finnish release concert for Jaakko Arola’s upcoming album Reykjavik Encounters, featuring both Salóme Katrin and Tumi Torfason.  
  
Free entry  
Showtime: 19:00  
Venue: Venetsia Building / Sininen huone (Blue Room)  
Accessibility: The venue is located on the 2nd floor and is accessible by stairs only.  
  
ARTIST PRESENTATION  
  
Jaakko Arola  
Jaakko Arola is a musician, improviser, composer and instrument-maker from Finland. Arola plays multiple traditional and western woodwind instruments. His current practice is centred around expanding the acoustic timbral palette of the bass clarinet via a combination of handcrafted mouthpieces, playing techniques influenced by the diverse sonic aesthetics of traditional flutes, and exploring the clarinet as a polyphonic instrument. Arola's long form compositions uses endurance as expression through long form compositions that utilises shimmering multiphonics, drones and pulsing harmonic interference performed circular breathing.  
  
[www.jaakkoarola.com](http://www.jaakkoarola.com)  
  
Salóme Katrin  
One might imagine that growing up in a small, remote fishing hamlet on the edge of the Arctic Circle would have its drawbacks. Surely it does. Isolation is a big one. However, as composer/performer Salóme Katrín is already demonstrating in her budding music career, such seeming disadvantages can become assets if properly approached. With the right mindset, isolation begets imagination. Her solo project centres around her own singing and songwriting. Armed with a powerful voice and a piano, she explores her emotions through music, trying to make sense of life's ups and downs. She recently graduated from composition at the Icelandic University of the Arts, where she emphasised vocal improvisation and textural experiments.  
  
Tumi Torfason  
Tumi Torfason is an Icelandic trumpeter, improvisor and composer based in Reykjavík’s vibrant music scene. He leads various projects that all revolve around original music and the improvisations it sparks. In addition to bands that perform under his own name, one can mention the wind quartet Tu Ha? Tu Bjö! and his duo with guitarist Bjarni Már Ingólfsson. As a performer, he has played with Los Bomboneros, Watachico, Tumi Árnason, Sara Mjöll, Baldvin Snær Hlynsson and the Reykjavík Big Band, not to mention the countless projects outside the jazz scene that he has also participated in. Tumi studied jazz performance at the FÍH School of Music and the Royal Academy of Music in Stockholm. This spring he will complete his master's degree in composition at the Iceland Academy of the Arts.  
  
FB event: [https://fb.me/e/8GOp1Ek08](https://fb.me/e/8GOp1Ek08)
