---
layout: post
title: "Rahina-klubi: K-L-R  + Sampo Sihvola "
date: 2026-02-20T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2026-02-20T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2026-02-20T20:00:00+02:00
venue: "Kylätupa, Merihaka"
address: "Haapaniemenkatu 14, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-02-20-d8p0os40.ics"
created_date: 2026-02-17T15:38:49.000Z
---

Rahina-klubi: Improvised and experimental music  
  
Sampo Sihvola -laptop, samples  
  
J. Koho - electro-electronics, objects, prepared lyre  
V. Lehko - saxophone, clarinet, objects  
J. Rautio - baritone guitar, electronics  
  
  
Sampo Sihvola is a Helsinki-based experimental musician and poet. Sihvola uses field recordings and other found sounds, from which he builds sound collages. His musical projects have been published in Europe and the United States.  
  
  
In the K-L-R trio's free-playing music, sounds produced in different ways are combined into weaves that find their place in composed structures.  
  
J. Koho approaches sound, sound sources, instruments and playing according to the situation. His work is often inspired by the wonder of sounds and the joy they bring.  
  
Vesa Lehko is interested in exploring the boundaries of music and various sound phenomena through woodwinds, found sounds and objects.  
  
Juha Rautio plays improvised music on the electric guitar and approaches music with a hat of poetry and general avant-gardism in his hand.  
  
The members of the trio have performed at various events and venues focused on experimental music, such as Asbestos Art Space, Kaekuu Festival, Käpylän lippakioski, Kalevan Erikoinen, Pertin Valinta, Rahina-klubi, Pethaus and Yö Galleria.  
  
Free Entry, voluntary donations to musicians 0-10e by mobile pay  
  
[https://fb.me/e/d2RnuGKaf](https://fb.me/e/d2RnuGKaf)
