---
layout: post
title: "Live at the Bar: Avanti x Anhaus"
date: 2026-04-17T20:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2026-04-17T20:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2026-04-17T21:30:00+03:00
venue: "Post Bar, Kallio"
address: "Kaikukatu 2, 00530 Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-04-17-npb1lvo2.ics"
created_date: 2026-03-30T13:37:46.000Z
---

Live at the Bar: Avanti x Anhaus  
  
Italian percussionist and sound artist Alberto Anhaus is arriving in Helsinki to perform at Post Bar in Kallio on the 17th of April 2026!  
  
Instead of treating the percussion instruments as in the traditional way, as independent sources of sound, for Anhaus, playing them is a way of listening and engaging with the vibrations we are already surrounded by.. He is interested in situations where the focus is on presence and gradual transformations of sounds, rather than virtuosity. Anhaus describes his approach as follows: “I’m interested in what one could call an “armless” way of working: moving away from virtuosity and gesture toward systems that can sound by themselves, where the performer becomes more of a listener or caretaker.”  
  
The works by Pauline Olivero’s, Ash Fure, Alexandre Babel, Fabio Machiavelli, and Anhaus are united by concentrating the focus to continuous micro-variations of sound. The opening piece of the concert, Olivero’s Single Stroke Roll Meditation transforms a simple playing technique into a meditative sonic field, where repetition shifts the listener’s focus from pulse to the breath of sound itself. Ash Fure’s Shiver Lungs II on the other hand, builds dense textures rather than precise rhythms. The evening concludes on a high note with Anhaus’s quasi-improvisational piece DRMS and NNPT and CNTCTMCS, performed together with cellist Tara Jovana Valkonen.  
  
The collaboration between Avanti! chamber orchestra and the Helsinki-based nightclub Post Bar draws inspiration from Central Europe, where contemporary music, sound art, and electronic music converge without boundaries and form part of the pulse of major cities.  
  
Alberto Anhaus, percussion & electronics  
Tara Jovana Valkonen, violoncello  
Tuisku Hillilä, sound design & electronics  
  
PROGRAM  
Pauline Oliveros – Single Stroke Roll Meditation  
Ash Fure – Shiver Lungs II  
Alexandre Babel – Music for Small Audience  
Fabio Machiavelli – Study for a Tongue That Refuses to Speak  
INTERMISSION  
Alberto Anhaus – DRMS and NNPT and CNTCTMCS  
  
Tickets: €10 in advance ([www.ra.co)](http://www.ra.co)) | €15 at the door  
Doors open at 19.30
