---
layout: post
title: "Isthmus launch event"
date: 2026-05-23T18:00:00+03:00
event_start: 2026-05-23T18:00:00+03:00
event_end: 2026-05-23T22:00:00+03:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2 -  4 B"
ics_file: "2026-05-23-cof7qvds.ics"
created_date: 2026-05-05T11:09:21.000Z
---

Koho/Koskenlahti  
Minerva Juolahti  
ミス (misu)  
TBA  
  
Isthmus is a new small label and archive for experimental sonic practices, which operates on the basis of collaboration.  The first set of releases will be released to support Toinen kerros, a community driven diy sonic art space.   
Join us for celebrating the modest beginnings of Isthmus!  
[https://isthmusrec.bandcamp.com/](https://isthmusrec.bandcamp.com/)  
  
Koho/Koskenlahti  
Koho/Koskenlahti on laaja-alaisesti äänen parissa työskentelevän J. Kohon ja perkussionisti Minna Koskenlahden muodostama duo. Duon kiinnostuksen kohteina on tutkiskella erilaisiin tiloihin, tavanomaisiin soittimiin ja epätyypillisiin äänilähteisiin säilöttyä soivaa potentiaalia ja etsiä erilaisia keinoja sen vapauttamiseksi.  
  
Minerva Juolahti  
Minerva Juolahti is a sound and performance artist working with body, sound, space, and paper. Their works are performative and conceptual spatial gestures that evolve around the sonic.   
  
ミス (misu)  
ミス is a duo that performs sounds with loosely flapping strings and springs. The produced vibrations are then channeled through a gooey heap of electronics before bursting out of the speaker cones leaving a faint stench of doom metal in their wake. The cycle is completed when it all folds back on itself, fed back like the proverbial tail of Ouroboros. The chaos is further exacerbated by the partially Savonian lineup.  
  
LIneup additions are possible.  
  
  
  
[https://isthmusrec.bandcamp.com/](https://isthmusrec.bandcamp.com/)
