---
layout: post
title: "Suhina Klubi: Antti Virtaranta + Olli Aarni"
date: 2026-03-19T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2026-03-19T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2026-03-19T21:00:00+02:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, 00510 Hki"
ics_file: "2026-03-19-fabvv6k2.ics"
created_date: 2026-03-11T03:01:31.000Z
---

Suhina Klubi is a periodic concert series focused on improvised sound art. The club has been organized in Helsinki since 2018, with the aim of creating an intersection between artists searching for new modes of expression and a curious, open-minded audience. Suhina Klubi presents both established Finnish and international artists and also provides performance opportunities for previously unheard-of ensembles.  
  
Antti Virtaranta is a Finnish bassist and composer. He began his musical career at the age of 17, studying at the Philadelphia University of the Arts and focusing on jazz, until discovering free jazz and experimental electronic music, which changed everything. Antti moved to Berlin to join the city’s vibrant improvisation scene, developing projects with numerous musicians while shaping his own artistic voice. He is currently focused on expressing himself through both composition and improvisation, drawing on jazz, rock, and contemporary music as influences that together form his musical language.   
Today, Antti’s work centers on concepts and compositions for solo bass and solo electronics, as well as the use of non-traditional notation. These ideas evolve and take shape both in smaller groups (duos and trios) and in larger ensembles, often based on spontaneous composition in collaboration with dancers and visual artists.  
  
Olli Aarni is an artist working with music, sound, time, space, and text. His discography consists of more than twenty albums, and his work has been published on four continents since 2009. He has performed in various European countries and in Japan. His music and sound work spans from raw field recordings to generative computer music, and from mutated pop tropes to long improvisations with acoustic instruments. He also works with installation, video art, sound poetry, and publications.   
  
"If you've been following Aarni's solo releases, for labels like SUPERPANG, Dauw, Students of Decay, mappa and Longform Editions (among others), you'll know that it's impossible to predict what to expect next." – Boomkat review/blurb for "Dimension Scrolling" LP  
  
Event is supported by Kone Foundation.
