---
layout: post
title: "Suhina Klubi: Seppo Kantonen, Tatu Rönkkö & Jukka Kääriäinen"
date: 2026-02-27T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2026-02-27T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2026-02-27T21:00:00+02:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, 00510 Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-02-27-a5qvpomk.ics"
created_date: 2026-02-25T09:11:31.000Z
---

Suhina Klubi is a periodic concert series focused on improvised sound art. The club has been organized in Helsinki since 2018, with the aim of creating an intersection between artists searching for new modes of expression and a curious, open-minded audience. Suhina Klubi presents both established Finnish and international artists and also provides performance opportunities for previously unheard-of ensembles.  
  
During the spring season of 2026, Suhina Klubi will present six concerts. In the second concert of the series, the performers will be Tatu Rönkkö and Seppo Kantonen, as well as Jukka Kääriäinen.  
  
Pianist-composer Seppo Kantonen (b. 1963) is unquestionably one of Finland’s most significant jazz musicians and innovators in jazz music, with achievements that are virtually unparalleled. Kantonen burst onto the forefront of Finnish jazz at the age of 22 when he was awarded the Yrjö Award by the Finnish Jazz Federation in 1985. Since then, he has performed with an ever-growing roster of renowned artists both in Finland and internationally, and his masterful playing has been documented on approximately 200 albums.  
  
Tatu Rönkkö (b. 1983, Kuopio) is a Helsinki-based drummer and percussionist who uses everyday objects, percussion instruments, and electronics in an original and experimental way. Improvisation is present in all aspects of his work, from composition to performance. Rönkkö is one of the founding members and composers of the Finnish-Danish band Liima. He has performed internationally with artists and groups such as Nils Frahm (DE), Efterklang (DK), Islaja (FI), David Moss (US), Kalle Kalima, Jimi Tenor, Raoul Björkenheim, and Verneri Pohjola. With his solo project I Play Your Kitchen, Rönkkö has performed improvised concerts in people’s kitchens around the world.  
  
Jukka Kääriäinen is a musician focused on experimental music. Depending on the situation, his instruments include an acoustic guitar with preparations or an electric guitar accompanied by a backpack full of effects. Kääriäinen has performed in several European countries and at international festivals in the United Kingdom, Spain, and France.  
  
Event is supported by Kone Foundation.
