---
layout: post
title: "Suhina Klubi: Phil Minton & Kriton Beyer + Teemu Korpipää"
date: 2026-03-26T19:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2026-03-26T19:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2026-03-26T21:00:00+02:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-03-26-jjnvhvob.ics"
created_date: 2026-03-18T05:16:35.000Z
---

Suhina Klubi is a periodic concert series focused on improvised sound art. The club has been organized in Helsinki since 2018, with the aim of creating an intersection between artists searching for new modes of expression and a curious, open-minded audience. Suhina Klubi presents both established Finnish and international artists and also provides performance opportunities for previously unheard-of ensembles.  
  
The MINTON–BEYER DUO seems like a study of the phenomenon of the voice with two different instruments: the human voice and the daxophone.  
  
Phil Minton, perhaps the best-known vocal artist in free improvisation, is known for his remarkable extended vocal techniques that span the entire spectrum of human expression: from simple breathing, to murmurs, grumbling and whispering, to whistling, burping and rattling, screaming and moaning. And all his vocal abilities are always paired with an extraordinary, unique presence and an absolutely unfiltered expression.  
  
Kriton Beyer in turn, uses his still quite obscure instrument, the daxophone, in an extremely voice-like way, often imitating human and animal sounds and speech patterns that seem to have been built into the nature and character of the instrument. Compared to other instruments, it seems to be very easy to imitate sounds and voices of various animal species on the daxophone. All of this has been well researched and practically tested by Kriton Beyer in cross-species communication and is also audibly processed in the musical dialogue in the work in this duo.  
  
Acoustically, despite the speed, changeability and abundance of musical information, the sound of this duo is simple, clear, unambiguous and direct and therefore very intimate and never artificial. Phil Minton and Kriton Beyer have been working together in a duo constellation since 2022 and will be going on a European tour for the second time in March of 2026.  
  
[www.kritonbeyer.com/mintonbeyer](http://www.kritonbeyer.com/mintonbeyer)  
  
Teemu Korpipää is, among other things, a musician, improviser, mixer, builder, and composer. A collector of strange sounds, a strummer of rubber bands. He hopes to one day figure out what he wants to be when he grows up — and to add a few more hours to the day.  
As an expert in electronic and experimental music, Teemu can be found designing sound for a contemporary dance performance just as easily as building MIDI controllers into a giant cajón. A trademark of Korpipää’s work is his ability to move fluidly in the space between sound design and music.  
  
Event is supported by Kone Foundation.
