---
layout: post
title: "performance protocols interventions (workshops): listening scores + data sonification"
date: 2026-02-14T12:00:00+02:00
event_start: 2026-02-14T12:00:00+02:00
event_end: 2026-02-14T16:00:00+02:00
venue: "Toinen Kerros, Äänen Lumo"
address: "Nokiantie 2-4, 00510 Helsinki"
ics_file: "2026-02-14-mevt7sgc.ics"
created_date: 2026-02-03T18:29:36.000Z
---

performance protocols interventions presents two workshop associated with its previous program connected to listening scores and data sonification.  
  
Link to facebook event: [https://www.facebook.com/events/1597924558008797](https://www.facebook.com/events/1597924558008797)  
  
  
--- Deep Listening scores (12.00-14-00)  
by Tina Mariane Krogh Madsen  
  
The first workshop is a Deep Listening scores session facilitated by Tina Mariane Krogh Madsen, where multisensorial impressions and movements will be formulated into words and lines, for own use, artistic processes or others to engage with. Madsen is a certified Deep Listening facilitator from the Center for Deep Listening at Rensselaer Polytech Institute (US), and a Doctor of Arts whose artistic practice activates a mode of geological listening that uses scores as a core method of distribution.  
  
The workshop will be two hours and start with an introduction to Deep Listening as it was coined by composer Pauline Oliveros (who founded The Center for Deep Listening) and the composition of scores based on this method as well as other examples of artistic score-making. After the introduction and some guided exercises, there will be a collective movement around the area of Toinen Kerros to connect to the methods introduced, and activate tools with both physical and aural listening. Afterwards these experiences will be formulated into scores at the Toinen Kerros space.   
  
The session takes place from 12.00-14.00 and is open for everyone regardless of age but will be conducted in English. Please bring a notebook and writing/drawing tools of choice. This workshop is free of charge but please sign up on to secure your spot: info AT performance-protocols DOT net  
  
  
--- Data sonification with Jupyter Lab and Pure Data (14.00-16.00)  
by Malte Steiner  
  
Statistical data can be used to produce sound and music, where the rows of numbers can be transformed to rhythmical patterns or they can evolve a sound over time. Suitable data can be found for example in statistic overviews from municipalities but usually they need some preparation before being usable. One great tool used by data scientists is Jupyter Lab which makes it possible to interact with data with Python and its libraries, Numpy and Pandas.   
  
This workshop is an introduction to these tools and it shows how to install and use the successor of Jupyter Notebook, to transform data and extract interesting information for Pure Data; from there it can control external hardware via Midi or the internal sound synthesis of PD. With plugdata it can furthermore be used from within your favourite DAW and control other plugins. Both Jupyter Lab and Pure Data are free open source programs and runs on a variety of operating systems.  
  
The workshop takes place from 14.00-16.00 and will be held in English. It is crucial that each participant brings a laptop to get most out of the tools introduced. This workshop is donation-based and please sign up to secure your spot: info AT performance-protocols DOT net  
  
Malte Steiner is a visual artist and musician with a goal to develop his own vision of the interdisciplinary Gesamtkunstwerk. Steiner has performed and presented his work internationally and was for multiple years the initiator of the Pure Data Stammtisch at C-base in Berlin (DE), and is known for his real time generated software visuals.  
  
  
About performance protocols  
  
performance protocols is a nomadic platform for instruction-based performance and collaborative processes which opened its first online exhibition Walking Protocols I (INT) in June 2019. Between 2020 and 2023, a series of Nordic Sessions (I) were initiated in Aalborg (DK) in 2020, Copenhagen in 2021, Helsinki (FI) in 2021 and 2022, Bergen (NO) 2022, and online. performance protocols is curated by founder and artistic director of the platform, artist and researcher Tina Mariane Krogh Madsen (DK). performance protocols interventions are single projects by one artist or artist entity, which are shown and activated at relevant times and in-between exhibitions and projects.   
  
[https://performance-protocols.net/mainpage.html](https://performance-protocols.net/mainpage.html)
